

Chapter 1 - Prologue
My name is Joo In-gong. The name that my parents gave me meant ‘protagonist’ of the world. 
As anyone can predict, I was constantly teased due to my name. 
In kindergarten, elementary school, middle school and high school. 
If I went to university as planned then I would probably be laughed at there as well. 
So, at one point, I really hated my name.
But not anymore. Now, I think slightly differently. Maybe being named Joo In-gong was a type of foreshadowing?
[Name: Shutra] 
[Age: 17] 
[Species: Gandharva] 
[Occupation: Protagonist] 
[Uniqueness: Prince, Conquest Knight]
This shows my situation on the Assenbah Continent at a glance. 
My name is Joo In-gong. 
A protagonist.



Next Chapter







Chapter 2 - Chapter 1: Entry #1
Remake.
Old movies, music, games and novels were recreated again.
Joo In-gong, who had his university admission tests right around the corner, took a deep breath. The black bag in his hand contained a game that had just been released today.
A remake of Knight Saga, Knight Saga: Re.
Knight Saga was Joo In-gong’s favourite game. Due to the fact that it was the best hit of the production company Taro Soft, there were rumours a remake wouldn’t come out unless Taro Soft was in a crisis. Yet, to everyone’s surprise, a remake was released unexpectedly.
It wasn’t just a remake. The number of playable characters increased from two to twelve and it was changed from a regular RPG to a virtual reality game.
In-gong stared at the virtual reality device, which had artificial settings, that he had been given as a gift and took a deep breath with a pious expression.
He had cleared Knight Saga more than 10 times, so there was nothing he didn’t know about the characters, special items, hidden events and so on. However, this wasn’t Knight Saga but Knight Saga: Re.
In-gong was happy to read the manual. He checked the website every day but there wasn’t much new content revealed. However, true fans enjoyed small things like this.
Knight Saga was a story about two sides, humans and demons. The protagonist on the human side was Locke, who was born and raised in a temple. The main character on the side of the demons was Zephyr Ragnaros, the son of the Demon King.
Either way, the progression of the game was similar. The main character travelled around the world levelling up, collecting items and gathering subordinates to achieve their purpose.
The purpose of Zephyr was to unify the Demon World and Human World as the Demon King, while Locke’s purpose was to slay the Demon King and save the Human World.
Yet, in Knight Saga: Re, the number of characters that could be played had increased significantly.
On the demon side, it was possible to choose other princes and princesses who were originally Zephyr’s rivals. On the human side, it was possible to choose Locke’s companies or rulers of other countries.
After reviewing the newly added characters, In-gong gazed toward the virtual reality device that was reminiscent of a white tube. Knight Saga: Re had already been installed.
'OKay, shall I play lightly for eight hours today?”
In-gong laid his body down in the virtual reality device and was surrounded by a bright light.
&
The first thing he saw when he opened his eyes was a roof. Even though it was dark, he was able to see due to the sunlight coming from a hole in the wall.
The boy who was lying down on a folding cot, In-gong, slowly raised his body.
And he smiled with satisfaction.
‘Indeed, an RPG hero should always start by waking up in a bed.’
After nodding his head several times, In-gong looked around. His mouth dropped open with admiration.
‘Wah, aren’t the graphics perfect?’
The various items in the tent looked real. Moreover, the textures of the cushion and blanket in his hands were vivid.
Although virtual reality games had long been commercialized, virtual reality didn’t embody real reality. There were limitations to the technology.
‘Did Taro Soft consult an alien?’
In-gong muttered as he admired it.
He started touching objects like a person who had just started playing a virtual reality game.
Then when he was looking like a fool...
"I am going inside!”
A voice was heard from outside the tent. In-gong looked up with surprise as a huge man entered the tent.
“Oh.”
In-gong was impressed.
The man had well-developed shoulders, arms that reminded him of a gorilla, green skin that couldn’t be seen in humans and lips that peeled back to expose some canines.
He belonged to the orc species that often appeared in games with a fantasy genre.
However, In-gong wasn’t impressed that the man was an orc.
Just like the items in the tent, the orc seemed real.
‘This is almost...no, isn’t it completely diligent?’
He would have believed it was real if it weren’t for the mini map and various menu buttons in the corner of his vision.
"What are you staring at?”
The orc gruffly asked and In-gong replied bluntly.
"No, the graphics are cool.”
“Graphics?”
The orc tilted his head and asked. In-gong once again felt admiration.
‘Wah, we can even exchange conversations?’
The development of virtual reality and artificial intelligence were in completely different areas. It was possible to implement realistic graphics through diligence but it was difficult for realistic artificial intelligence to be created with modern technology. Therefore, he couldn’t actively have conversations with the NPCs that appeared in virtual reality games - only pre-determined questions were asked in accordance to certain keywords
Yet the orc before In-gong had responded to the word ‘graphics’. He might have been designed to react like that to all unspecified keywords but that was still great.
‘Did Taro Soft begin torturing aliens? Why weren’t these facts advertised?’
Was the marketing aimed at surprise?
‘Hey, this doesn’t really matter.’
In-gong decided to enjoy the game. The game was as great as expected, so he would just enjoy playing it.
In-gong came to that conclusion and looked at the orc.
‘I am nervous.’
The orc in front of him seemed so real, he couldn’t open his mouth easily. In the end, In-gong coughed several times before speaking.
“Hum hum. My name is Joo In-gong. What is your name?”
He was awkward about introducing himself, thanks to his name.
The orc frowned at In-gong’s question and muttered something. He couldn’t hear it very well but it seemed like a curse.
‘This bastard, just because my name is Joo In-gong.’
Having artificial intelligence was a good thing but In-gong still didn’t like it. No, it would have been nice if a pretty girl, not an orc, had appeared in front of him. A succubus, succubus or succubus.
However, the orc wasn’t frowning because of In-gong’s name. The orc scratched his head and muttered.
"Carack. I told you that yesterday. And isn’t your name Prince Shutra?”
Shutra Ignus. He was the ninth child of the Demon King. He was one of the 12 characters that could be chosen in the game.
'That reminds me, I didn’t get to pick my character. Does everyone have to play a demon the first time?’
In-gong recalled the story of Knight Saga: Re that was originally from Knight Saga. He was a prince who was a bit weak and had no power. He was like Yan Baihu from the Three Kingdoms series.
“I will be waiting outside.”
The male orc, Carack, clicked his tongue and turned around. In-gong stared at the back of Carack’s head.
'I didn’t want to start with Shutra.’
He didn’t have any dissatisfaction with Shutra himself. His style was just on the other side.
‘Can I change the character?’
Knight Sage: Re was a remake but it wasn’t the same exact game as Knight Saga. There was no need to select a difficult character on the very first gameplay.
'Would Taro Soft really make the first gameplay a fixed character? There might be a bug or it is my mistake.’
If it was a fixed character, it ought to have been either Zephyr Ragnaros or the warrior Locke who were the main characters.
‘I will save and exit the game to search up some information’
The game was just released today but there should be information about the characters.
Moreover, if it was really a bug, Taro Soft would have posted an emergency announcement.
In-gong reached out and touched the menu button located in the corner of his vision. A white light then unfolded before him.
[Name: Shutra Ignus]
[Age: 14]
[Species: Gandharva]
[Occupation: Protagonist]
[Uniqueness: Prince/ Conquest Knight]
[Level: 1]
Strength: 5
Intelligence: 5
Agility: 5
Talent: 5
Persistence: 5
Durability: 5
Mental Power: 5
Magic Power: 5
Charm: 5
‘As expected from the Yan Baihu of Knight Saga. All the stats are poor.’
An ordinary village person A would have 10 stat points, so his stats were poor considering his age.
How could a prince be weaker than Villager A?
'By the way, my occupation is a protagonist? Is this really a bug?’
In-gong frowned as he gazed at the buttons next to his status window.
“Eh?”
There was no save or load button. In-gong swallowed his saliva and gazed at the menu window again but it was useless.
'Crazy, there is no button to end the game.’
In-gong urgently tried to call the menu of the virtual reality device itself, however, it didn’t work.
The system button for forced termination specific to the device wasn’t shown.
‘Calm down. Calm down, In-gong.’
In-gong took a deep breath and counted sheep in his head.
‘There are two possibilities.’
First of all, he was trapped in a virtual reality.
There was an incredibly deadly bug involved with Taro Soft’s software.
From a practical point of view, this was the only possible answer. That possibility wasn’t bad for In-gong. If that was the case, there was a chance he would be rescued.
However, In-gong was concerned about other possibilities.
This wasn’t a game but reality. Just like a novel or comic book, he had entered the game world or a game-like world.
It really sounded crazy. He couldn’t say it despite playing many games.
Yet, there was a reason for In-gong to believe it.
‘It is too real.’
The surrounding sights could only be described as reality.
The orc, Carack, showed intelligent behaviour.
In-gong had said it before.
No matter how much virtual reality games had developed, this level was unreasonable. Could he swallow his saliva and sweat in a game?
In-gong thought it was just a game but the graphics and artificial intelligence indicated that it might not be.
He took one step forward and looked at himself.
There was another more crucial reason.
‘I’m not a Korean.’
He had a conversation with the orc without thinking but now that In-gong thought about it, he hadn’t been speaking Korean. It was a strange language that he shouldn’t have understood.
After covering his face with both hands, In-gong sighed and took off his pants. The reason wasn’t to suddenly expose himself. In-gong took off his underwear and looked at his lower body.
‘There isn’t a mosaic.’
Knight Saga: Re was a game for people 17 years and older but the laws banned showing genitalia. However, his genitalia could clearly be seen.
‘Ah, please.’
In-gong put on his underwear and pants again with a despairing expression and sat down on the bed.
‘No, if I entered a game, then it should be another game! Eroge, eroge, eroge...damn!’
In-gong counted sheep again and tried to think positively.
‘Yes, at least I’m not a monster character like an orc or ogre. Even if he was referred to as Yan Baihu of Knight Saga, he was still a prince. Someone born with a gold spoon.’
There were many positive aspects.
The characters were introduced on the homepage and Shutra was a handsome person. He couldn’t see his face but his arms were thin and white like a girl’s, so his face must have changed as well.
‘In the worst case scenario, if I have to live here, at least I am a prince. Okay, it isn’t bad. In that sense, it is like winning the lottery. I have regressed to 14 years old!’
He had an infinite power of positivity. The endorphins were squeezed out forcefully but it was enough to bring peace to In-gong’s mind and body.
But as the excitement subsided, rational thoughts entered his mind once again.
‘What happened to Shutra in Knight Saga?’
He was the competitor of the main character, Zephyr, who defeated his opponents and became the devil.
In short, Shutra was Zephyr’s enemy. So, of course, in the game-
'The Day of the Massacre! A forced event!’
While Locke was an orthodox warrior, Zephyr was an orthodox Demon King. Zephyr was a cold blooded person who killed all his siblings during the event, the Day of the Massacre.
‘He was a madman who killed those on his side as well as his competitors.’
Anyway, if he remembered correctly, Shutra had been hiding. Yet, Zephyr traveled around the entire Demon World and found him.
‘How old is Zephyr now? How much time is left until the Day of the Massacre?’
There was no answer. Right now, he had too little information. He didn’t even know where this place was.
"A naoshu?”
A ringing voice was heard outside the tent. In-gong tapped his cheeks lightly and stood up.
He didn’t know if this was a game or a world that was like a game but he decided not to worry about it for the moment.
Right now, he needed information.
In-gong prepared his heart and exited the tent.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 3 - Chapter 1: Entry #2
"Dushu. It is a little late but here is breakfast.”
As soon as he stepped out of the tent, Carack was sitting at a foldable table with food on it.
In-gong looked around as he approached Carack’s table. There were dozens of tents lined up on a vacant lot the size of an elementary school playground.
'Is this a garrison base in the mountains?’
The blue sky surrounded him. In-gong sat at the table and examined the food. There was a piece of bread on a plate as well as vegetables and meat stew.
'Shutra, he is a prince right?’
He had a moment of doubt but it only lasted for a second. It would have been strange if this campsite was celebrating.
In-gong took a bite of the stew as a test. The taste was ordinary but the important thing wasn’t the taste. In-gong was convinced.
‘It is real.’
Touch, vision, smell, hearing and even taste, everything around him was shouting that it was real.
“Hoo.”
He couldn’t stop sighing. In-gong took a deep breath to calm down and asked Carack, who was staring at the distant mountains.
"Carack, what year is it now?”
Carack frowned at the somewhat awkward question. He asked In-gong a question instead of answering.
"Did you have a fever last night?”
In-gong quickly nodded at the question.
"Yes, my head was hurting when I woke up. My memories are confused.”
In-gong thought it was a ridiculous story but decided to push it confidently. He still had many questions.
‘No, why is an orc treating a prince like this?’
Even if he was a prince, Shutra was known as the Yan Baihu of Knight Saga. He had little power, weak magic power, no friends, no prospects, no subordinates and no chance of becoming the heir.
‘He was ignored. Even the country ignored him.’
Moreover, Carack was an orc. Knight Saga’s orcs were powerhouses and wouldn’t follow a weak prince.
Yet, this orc didn’t ignore him. His character itself was just a little rough.
In-gong couldn’t ignore the relationship between Carack and Shutra. Carack frowned as he searched through his memories.
"Yes, it is currently Year 512 and we are on the edge of the Jishuka Mountains. Prince, you came here for some practical experience. We just met yesterday.”
"Practical experience? Is there a war going on right now?”
Carack’s expression changed at In-gong’s question. Unlike before, he was looking at In-gong with seriously worried eyes.
"That fever, was it really serious?”
"Just answer me."
In-gong knew that he seemed strange. He was acting like a patient with amnesia.
Luckily, orcs were simple, so Carack continued talking after a moment.
"The Red Lightning orc tribe is causing chaos in the area. They think they can get away with it because they are acting on the outskirts. Anyway, an army was sent to the centre and another prince and princess came along. I became in charge of Prince.”
"Then where is the other prince and princess?”
"They were each given command of one unit. Prince Chris is in that area while Princess Caitlin is over there.”
Chris and Caitlin.
The Demon King’s seventh and eighth children. They were the children of the 4th queen, Elaine Moonlight - queen of the lycanthropes.
‘They gave me a hard time when I was playing Zephyr.’
Their forces weren’t that strong by themselves but the lycanthropes were tricky to deal with. In particular, Chris and Caitlin were uniquely strong among the lycanthropes.
‘They are still young.’
He didn’t know their exact ages but he was younger than Caitlin and Zephyr. Chris was only a few years older than Caitlin.
"Your meal seems to be finished, so I can start the training again.”
Carack said, after looking at the plate of stew. In-gong had been eating breakfast while listening to the explanation and he reached the word ‘training.’
“Training?”
It was natural to be affected. This seemed like a realistic game but this situation wasn’t a game.
‘Surely, I don’t have to spar with an orc?’
Carack’s arm muscles were almost the size of Shutra’s waist. It was obvious he would break his bones when sparring with a monster like that.
Carack clicked his tongue as In-gong’s complexion worsened.
“Don’t worry. I know how great Prince is. It will be like yesterday. I am well aware that Prince doesn’t have much physical strength. Oh, I won’t be as hard on you due to the fever.”
He looked In-gong up and down and decided on a course. A simple training course circled the vacant lot where the tents were set up.
After hearing that, In-gong sighed with relief and stood up. It wasn’t a bad proposition since he needed time to sort out his thoughts.
In-gong started to jog lightly.
'Caitlin and Chris. Is their situation the same as it was in Knight Saga?’
If so, they would become problems in the future. What events would happen soon in Knight Saga?
For reference, Knight Saga started in Year 513. It was currently Year 512, so there would be five years left until the ‘Day of the Massacre’ took place in Year 517.
'Now that I am living as Shutra... What should I do next?’
Firstly, run away and hide.
Secondly, work hard to become close to Zephyr.
Thirdly, work hard to oppose Zephyr.
Needless to say, he dismissed the first two options. Zephyr killed his enemies and allies unconditionally on the Day of the Massacre. He found and killed the ones hiding and tortured the siblings who supported him.
There was only one choice remaining.
'Pant pant. By the way, my stamina is so low.’
He had only completed a few laps but was already breathing heavily. Even if he was the Yan Baihu of Knight Saga, wasn’t this too terrible? He couldn’t face Zephyr with this body.
It was at that moment.
[Your level has risen.]
There was a ringing sound, a woman’s voice was heard and his body was surrounded by white light.
"Eh eh eh?”
In-gong blinked his eyes with bemusement. His breath calmed down and strength returned to his legs.
"Prince? What type of magic is that?”
Carack asked with a startled expression.
"Wait, wait a minute.”
In-gong raised his hand to stop Carack and looked at himself.
‘I will check it once.’
It was absurd that he had levelled up through running but that wasn’t the important part.
In other words, it was possible for him to level up. If so, what had changed?
In-gong hurriedly activated his status window.
[Name: Shutra Ignus]
[Age: 14]
[Species: Gandharva]
[Occupation: Protagonist]
[Uniqueness: Prince/ Conquest Knight]
[Level: 2]
Strength: 7
Intelligence: 7
Agility: 7
Talent: 7
Persistence: 7
Durability: 7
Mental Power: 7
Magic Power: 7
Charm: 7
Extra points: 2
‘Heok! All my stats were raised by two?’
His stats were still shabby but that didn’t matter.
‘How much will my stats rise with the next level up? Isn’t this a scam?’
It was like a fraudulent job in Knight Saga.
‘Skills, let’s look at the skill window.’
In-gong’s hands trembled as he opened the skills window.
[Conquest Lv -]
[Protagonist Correction Lv 1]
They were skills that he didn’t know. Moreover, the skill Conquest was deactivated for some reason.
‘If Protagonist Correction is what I think it is... Is this right?’
It seemed like a passive skill but unfortunately, there wasn’t any explanation.
'And what is Conquest? Ah, that reminds me...'
The uniqueness stated that he was a prince and Conquest Knight. Conquest was obviously a skill related with Conquest Knight.
‘My level rose. It also seems like I can use skills.’
It wasn’t just that. He hadn’t thought about it but features like the mini-map were still active. The finishing strike was the inventory feature.
In-gong instantly picked something up.
‘Store.’
He mumbled in reaction. The item in his hand disappeared and appeared in the inventory.
[Stone]
“A success! It worked!"
In-gong formed a fist and cheered.
"Prince?"
Carack called out but In-gong didn’t pay attention to him.
He wasn’t just excited about the inventory feature.
Shutra was definitely the worst prince but what would happen if he kept levelling up?
The mini-map and inventory features were also amazing. Depending on the way they were used, truly magical things could happen.
There was one more important fact.
‘My knowledge.’
There was no guarantee that all the events that occurred in Knight Saga would happen. Even if they didn’t, there was something that wouldn’t disappear.
Information. 
Who and where. The locations of items. The secrets of his competitors. He knew the Human World as well as the Demon World.
‘I can, I can do it!’
He could oppose Zephyr. No, it was possible to become the Demon King!
'Yes, it is better to go back. But if I can’t, then isn’t it better to move forward?’
His thoughts were running wild but they weren’t wrong.
He had no idea how he came to this world or how to return. Therefore, he needed to find a way to survive.
“Uh...Prince? Are you okay?”
Carack asked with a confused expression once again. In-gong nodded absentmindedly and Carack narrowed his eyes.
“You- there is something different. All of a sudden, you have eyes filled with burning ambition. ”
Maybe he had become too excited.
Thanks to Carack, In-gong regained his spirit.
‘It is still too early. I need more information.
In-gong looked at Carack and asked something that could solve a number of questions instantly.
“Carack, what level are you?”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 4 - Chapter 1: Entry #3
In-gong had a level.
Did the other people in this world have levels?
If levels existed, did they have a way to raise their stats like In-gong did?
After hearing In-gong’s question, Carack scratched his chin and replied.
“Uh...I was level 21 the last time I checked. No, level 22? Why do you ask?”
This was a summary of what he learnt.
Levels existed in this world.
However, it was impossible for people to directly check their status window like In-gong.
They didn’t know their detailed stats and it was also impossible to distribute additional points.
They could only see their level through a level measurement spell.
The concept of raising their level to become stronger was non-existent. They just trained hard and fought, making their levels increase.
‘Then don’t I have a great advantage?’
Once In-gong levelled up, not only was his stamina and magic restored but all his stats also rose. Considering that he could allocate additional points, he had tremendous growth potential.
‘If he doesn’t know about the mini-map or inventory... Can’t this be considered my unique ability?’
Of course, there might be someone else in this world who had been transported after playing Knight Saga: Re. But when comparing In-gong to the people of this world, he had a unique ability.
A smile formed on In-gong’s face.
Although he was now weaker than Villager A, it was only for the moment. If he gained two more levels, each stat would have 11 points! That was stronger than Villager A who had an average of 10 stat points.
‘Considering the extra points, I would be much stronger.’
He couldn’t help feeling pained when thinking about being compared to Villager A. The starting point was so low.
‘Anyway.’
The next important thing was the presence or absence of skills. Magic spells and skills did exist in this world and the process of learning it wasn’t much different from In-gong’s. It was possible to acquire skills by training hard.
'But I have something different.’
After reaching level two, the extra stat points weren’t the only things he obtained. He also received skill points. Naturally, investing skill points would allow the level of his skills to grow.
“Ohuhu.”
In-gong couldn’t hold back his laughter. Carack was still paying attention but he couldn’t suppress his happiness.
‘Yes, I should have at least this much compensation when arriving in a different world!’
If he didn’t have such compensation, he would just die as Shutra.
Carack frowned as In-gong kept laughing.
"Prince, are you really okay? This state...”
“I’m okay, I’m okay. Rather, I’m very good. Should I continue to run?”
He wondered how many levels he could gain just be running. However, Carack glanced at In-gong and shook his head.
“Um...no. You seem a little strange but you are more energetic than before.”
Carack turned and guided In-gong to an open space.
"I heard that Prince can use a sword. Can you show me?”
He was given a wooden sword. It seemed like a toothpick in Carack’s hands, but it was heavy to In-gong.
"Uh...you want to see my swordsmanship?”
“Just swing it a few times. I need to know what level you are at.”
It was quite a rude demand but Carack didn’t seem to be insulting him. The running made it clear that Carack was training him.
‘I’m going crazy.'
In reality, In-gong had never learnt kendo. At best, he would playfully spar with friends using a broom when it was cleaning time.
In-gong grasped the wooden sword in a neutral position and took a deep breath. Then he swung the sword like a baseball bat.
[You have learnt Basic Swordsmanship Lv1.]
“Huh?”
In-gong stood there looking at himself instead of swinging the wooden sword. He opened the skills window reflexively and invested his skill points without any hesitation.
[Basic Swordsmanship Lv2]
There were no physical changes. However, In-gong recognized it instinctively.
‘I have changed. No, I've learnt.’
He changed the way he held the sword. He increased the gap between his legs and for the first time, made a clear trajectory with the sword.
“Hmm?”
Carack made a sound. In-gong was enjoying it a little bit and asked,
“What is it?”
"No, your movements are suddenly good.”
So, he tilted his head to the side. His face seemed like he had witnessed something incomprehensible.
In-gong couldn’t help grinning happily at Carack’s reaction.
'Okay, I really can do it.’
He could become stronger. He would move forward faster than anyone else.
This fact was very important. In-gong couldn’t do anything unless he was strong.
Let’s assume that modern people entered the game world of the Three Kingdoms. How would he become the ruler of one of the three kingdoms?
Of course, he would collect talents. No matter what, he would try to secure Zhuge Liang and Liu Bei.
If he had Zhuge Liang and Sima Yi under his command? Or a team consisting of Guan Yu and Zhang Liao? Zhang Fei and Xu Chu would also be amazing.
But there was one problem. It was meaningless if he didn’t know where to find them.
Didn’t Liu Bei meet Zhuge Liang in a remote village? Didn’t Yan Baihu find Sun Ce in a brothel?
In-gong couldn’t say anything. If he had Liu Bei or Zhuge Liang, he would be able to deal with his brother easily.
The Yan Baihu of Knight Saga, Shutra, had to find some good people. Otherwise, he might suffer.
‘Therefore, I have to be strong. I must also determine their locations.’
He was the youngest prince who didn’t have strength or power. In-gong needed to utilize the information he had to create a position of strength.
[Your level has risen.]
He had kept swinging his sword while thinking. It seemed like he was growing rapidly.
In-gong was one step closer to the stats of Villager A, so he wielded the sword again. His stamina was restored thanks to the level up and he kept wielding the sword for a while.
‘Can I reach level 5 if I keep swinging for today and tomorrow?’
Carack said that Shutra came here for practical experience. So he had to raise his level as high as possible before leaving.
‘Come to think of it.’
The first encounter. Chris and Caitlin were in charge of different unit. Then was this something like a joint operation?
“Carack, I was wondering something.”
"What?"
"Are there any plans to fight? I should have plans for a meeting with Chris and Caitlin.”
He thought that a meeting might be a little difficult.
He wasn’t In-gong but Shutra in this place.
What if the two people hated him?
‘Would it be surprising?'
No, could he change anything in the first place? Wasn’t it only his outward appearance that was the same as Shutra?
Something bad could happen. He could use the excuse of a fever with Carack because he was an orc, but Chris and Caitlin were different. He needed to prepare before he met them.
Carack replied to In-gong’s question.
"Of course there is a meeting. Don’t you remember?”
“No. Anyway, when is it?”
Surely, there wasn’t a meeting every day, right?
In-gong stared at Carack who replied bluntly.
“Today.”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 5 - Chapter 1: Entry #4
"No, if it so important, why didn’t you tell me until now?”
"You didn’t ask and I thought you remembered.”
He didn’t ask.
Yes, he certainly didn’t ask. Carack’s reaction was natural. His actions were normal if In-gong had actually remembered!
In-gong sighed and acted rationally instead of bothering Carack about it.
“When is it happening today?”
It was still morning, so it was okay if it was a little ‘late’. There was still time if the meeting occurred late in the afternoon or evening.
Carack scratched his chin again and replied.
“Eh... It was decided to do it before lunch, so the meeting is at 11 o’clock.”
Rather than thinking about the unit of time in Knight Saga, he zoomed in on the mini-map that had a clock function next to it. It was 9:52 a.m.
'It is one hour away!’
Dammit! Why was he only told just before the meeting?
“Where?”
In-gong asked reflexively and Carack pointed beyond the mountains.
“We decided to do it at Princess Caitlin’s location. It is time to go so you should be prepared.”
It was already like this, so it was impossible to prepare properly.
In-gong calmed his heart and started thinking rationally. What he needed now wasn’t swearing or lamentation.
Information. He had to have information.
"Hey, Carack. Do you remember that I’m a little confused because of the fever?”
"Is Prince really okay?”
Carack looked worried again. Despite being a bit clumsy, he didn’t seem like a bad guy.
“I’m okay. Anyway, can you tell me about Chris and Caitlin? For example, what I call them.”
The honorifics.
When just looking at age, it was natural to call Caitlin by noona and Chris by hyung (Noona= what males use for older females. Hyung= what males use for men older than them). But Shutra, Caitlin and Chris were all part of the royal family.
‘I don’t think I would call them by Hyung or Noona.’
Carack stared at In-gong before saying in a decisive voice.
"I don’t know.”
"You should have seen it at the meeting!”
"Today is the first meeting. I told you, I only met Prince yesterday.”
It was perfect logic. In the end, In-gong lost to the orc’s logic and sprang up.
"Okay, let’s prepare to depart.”
&
In fact, nothing special was needed to be prepared for the departure. He just needed to wear different clothes.
'This is due to the fever.’
They might think it was strange but he would continue to push the idea.
‘I just need to seem okay.’
Of course, there would be some doubts but what could they do? He had Shutra’s body!
Carack hadn’t moved past In-gong’s actions simply because he was an orc.
'Yes, maybe they will just be worried like Carack.’
The crucial part was that Shutra, Chris and Caitlin weren’t close friends. They might be worried but not suspicious.
'Or they might not be worried at all.’
In-gong nodded and looked around for a while. Carack was at the front with orcs walking on either side of him.
'Let me think. I will try to reason it out.’
He had cleared Knight Saga from Zephyr’s point of view. Therefore, he didn’t know the nuances of the relationship between Shutra, Chris and Caitlin.
However, it was possible to reason things out to a certain degree.
Zephyr had little contact with Shutra, Chris and Caitlin as a child. The reasons were different but in Shutra’s case, he had always stayed in a corner while Chris and Caitlin barely spent any time at the palace.
Unlike the other queens, Elaine Moonlight, queen of the lycanthropes and mother of Chris and Caitlin, didn’t have any ambitions to make her children the Demon King. Chris and Caitlin were educated at the royal palace of the lycanthropes.
Therefore, the two of them spend most of their childhood in the land of the lycanthropes rather than the Demon King’s Palace.
‘In other words, Shutra should have had almost no contact with Chris and Caitlin.’
This was probably not the first meeting but there was a high possibility that they hadn’t had a conversation before.
'Okay, I will just push forward. I won’t care about acting different.’
He had a severe fever and couldn’t remember anything. He seemed to have acquired a partial memory loss.
In-gong nodded with a determined expression but he soon found it tough to breathe.
'Pant pant, my body has levelled up but my stamina is still low.’
He was currently level 3. He had nine points in each state but he was still weaker than Villager A. It was hard to climb up the rough mountain trail.
"Almost there. Just have a little more strength.”
Carack said with a smile. It seemed that In-gong looked exhausted.
“Yes.”
In-gong laughed and stepped forward with difficulty. How far did they walk? The uphill slope gradually calmed to reveal a wide vacant lot.
"We are here.”
In-gong stretched and looked around at Carack’s words. The vacant lot wasn’t empty. It was an army base. It couldn’t be compared to In-gong’s base and seemed more like a village.
There were dozens of tents lined up in an orderly manner with cheap and permanent grazing grounds.
The soldiers were also different. Dozens of soldiers with the symbol of the lycanthropes seemed to be Caitlin’s troops. Everyone was wearing black leather armour and they all looked big and wild.
They were obviously elite soldiers.
The orcs among the elite soldiers also looked different. The orcs were obviously local soldiers and didn’t seem much different from In-gong’s but they looked stronger and more resilient.
Carack laughed as he saw the tension on In-gong’s face.
"It’s okay, they are on our side. Isn’t it reassuring?”
It seemed like he thought In-gong was frightened by the atmosphere.
"Yes, they are on our side.”
In-gong replied lightly but he spoke in a low voice.
Carack knocked his shoulders against In-gong’s.
"Let's go inside. That is the meeting place.”
Located in the heart of the base was a large tent surrounded by lycanthrope warriors.
‘Chris and Caitlin.’
The 7th prince and 8th princess.
Shutra’s half siblings.
They were like two wild beasts in front of Zephyr; the lycanthrope monsters.
In-gong swallowed his saliva and entered the tent with Carack.
&
In-gong was startled by the insides of the tent. The inside and outside of the tent were completely different.
It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that the inside of the tent was like a luxurious palace. The floor had fluffy carpets and the walls were decorated with beautiful silks. Despite being inside a tent, it was completely bright.
A gentle light poured from the ceiling and it was reminiscent of stained glass in a cathedral.
There was a circular table located in the middle of the tent. In-gong was an outsider to this world but it still seemed luxurious.
A large map of a battlefield with elaborate models was laid out on the table.
“Please sit here.”
A young man wearing the emblem of the lycanthropes guided In-gong toward a seat. It seemed like there were only three seats for In-gong, Chris and Caitlin.
Once In-gong was seated, the young man said with a smile.
"Prince Chris and Princess Caitlin will be coming soon. Please wait a moment.”
He had nothing to do but wait. In-gong watched the clock attached to the mini-map. There were 10 minutes left until the scheduled meeting time.
‘This is great.’
As expected from Chris and Caitlin.
Shutra was the child of the Demon King but he was different in many ways.
In fact, In-gong didn’t have good impressions of Chris and Caitlin. It was because they worked hard to block him whenever he played Zephyr.
It had been a nightmare fighting Chris and Caitlin. He’d been able to save and load the game but he had died many times. That’s not even mentioning their soldiers.
As the fight over the succession to the throne deepened, the fighting became more bloody. Sometimes, he barely managed to face them during an event.
Chris had growled at his enemies while Caitlin had watched silently with a frozen face.
‘I could call them middle-ranked bosses.’
He now had to meet those two people. If possible, he needed to maintain a friendly relationship with them. In-gong needed allies to face Zephyr.
'I need to oppose Zephyr while stopping others from joining him.’
He sighed as he thought about it. It was like Yan Baihu standing up to his enemies in an isolated area.
“Prince.”
Carack’s low voice snapped him out of it. He jumped with surprise and heard voices outside the tent.
Chris and Caitlin, the two of them had appeared.
[TL] Occasionally the author will write a note with some facts about the novel. I will translate some of them. 
Here is the first one:
I will explain it again but let’s talk about something in advance...
The children of the Demon King take their mother’s surnames. They will only take the name of their father if they are confirmed as the next king or official heir to the king.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 6 - Chapter 1: Entry #5
In-gong knew almost all the characters of Knight Saga. So, he knew how Chris and Caitlin looked like.
Nevertheless, he still lost his spirit for a moment.
‘Really pretty.’
Caitlin was the first to come in. She was older than Shutra at 15 years old.
Her small face between dark blue hair was very white and her two golden eyes were like moonlight in the night sky. She wore leather armour that clung to her body as well as a blue cloak. 
She stared at In-gong with a cold smile on her face.
They stared at each other for a few seconds.
In-gong was trying to think of something to say when he heard the voice of salvation.
"Go in quickly. Don’t block the way.”
Chris appeared behind Caitlin and carefully pushed her aside.
Caitlin looked at Chris before sitting down and he just laughed.
Just like Caitlin was pretty, Chris was handsome.
He had golden hair that looked like a lion’s mane, while his blue eyes were both playful and wild.
‘Incredibly unbalanced.’
The body below the handsome face was really huge. Looking at the body, he would guess that Chris was 30 years old not 17. The tiger leather that wrapped like a cloak around him made him seem like a bandit.
Once Chris was sitting down, a few people came in and stood behind Chris and Caitlin. The two people seemed to be their escort knights.
‘I already knew but the gap is too big.’
Shutra didn’t have a proper escort knight. Carack was behind him but he was a local warrior, not sworn to Shutra.
‘I used to have lots of subordinates.’
Beautiful succubi escort knights, ogre warriors, the strongest evil necromancer Sektum and so on.
In-gong gritted his teeth as he visualized it. He would think of them all as enemies now.
'No, I will somehow take them away. I will make those kids listen to me!’
Of course, the trivial fact that he raised them in a game was ignored.
‘Where are those kids now?’
“Prince.”
Carack’s low voice interrupted his thoughts. In-gong recovered his spirit and immediately sat straight.
“It has been a while.”
Caitlin spoke first. Her voice was a little hard and distant.
Chris laughed again.
"It has been a long time but isn’t this the first time we are talking face to face? We have never spoken separately to him.”
Was this actually the first time? He hadn’t talked to them?
‘Oh, nice!’
As expected, Shutra didn’t have a lot of interactions with Chris and Caitlin. It was as In-gong thought.
Maybe he didn’t need to use a fever as an excuse.
"Please feel comfortable. I am your hyung, your hyung. This is not the Demon King’s Palace. Speak comfortably, call me hyung.”
Chris winked slightly. In-gong was grateful but slightly distracted by the attractive face.
'That Chris, he is a good person.’
The problem of honorifics was solved instantly.
“I understand, Hyung.”
Chris laughed at In-gong’s words and then pointed to Caitlin.
Chris was hyung. Then what should he called Caitlin?
“Uh...Noona?”
At In-gong’s shy (?) words, Caitlin lowered her eyes and pouted slightly. On closer inspection, the corners of her lips were twitching.
'Wait a minute, what is this reaction?'
Surely it was a good thing? Why were her ears turning a little bit red?
Chris laughed again.
“Ya, who is a noona? There is only a few months difference between the both of you.”
Caitlin was embarrassed while In-gong was taken aback.
'Are they really Chris and Caitlin? Aren’t they mad beasts?’
"I will talk about the operation.”
Caitlin interrupted In-gong’s thoughts. She stood up and pointed to the map of the battlefield spread out the table with her long fingers.
"Currently, I have identified the location of the Red Lightning tribe. I will be here while Chris oppa will hit here.”
The blue models were allies while the red models were enemies.
As he listened to Caitlin’s explanations and watched the map, he heard the clear voice of a woman in his head.
[Map Reading Lv1 has been learnt.]
It was like with swordsmanship. It was the same map as before but In-gong could read more things.
‘Can I learn other skills this way?’
He had swung the sword and learnt swordsmanship, and he learnt how to read the map after seeing it.
Even though it was only Lv1, he still learnt it. Anyway, the level could be increased by investing skill points.
‘Can this be done with magic? If I can use both physical and magical skills at the same time...’
The ultimate multi-class. Indeed, it was the birth of a fraudulent character.
Of course, skill points were limited so he could end up with a mediocre character if he misjudged his choices. However, the possibility of that was low. It was because In-gong was a master of Knight Saga. There were a few synergistic combinations in his head.
"Shutra, you will scout this place.”
Caitlin’s words interrupted his thoughts. In-gong quickly looked in the direction Caitlin pointed to. It was an area without any red models representing the Red Lightning tribe.
"Scout?"
"Yes, a reconnaissance mission. This is the area where the Red Lightning tribe lived before. When looking at their recent movements, it is unlikely that they would have many troops here. You don’t have to be worried.”
Caitlin licked her lips and looked at In-gong again.
"I'm sorry for the one-sided notice. Do you have another opinion?”
‘Eh?’
Sorry? Another opinion?
What was she saying now?
"It is difficult to say. Hey, Shutra.”
Chris called out to In-gong from where he was relaxing in his seat.
"I'm sorry but aren’t your troops a little bit weaker than ours? It could be dangerous if you go to the wrong area.”
It made a lot of sense. He was the weak Shutra.
"But if you don’t do anything, won’t it be difficult when we return? Our actions need to be reported. You weren’t able to do anything - I don’t want to report that.”
This also made a lot of sense.
'Wait a minute, perhaps?’
"I wish we could split the troops but then it would be our merit, not yours.”
Shutra came here for practical experience. Still, he was a prince, so he was given some troops.
Yet, what would happen if he didn’t get any results?
All external activities of the children of the Demon King were scored. Their treatments would differ depending on the results, so it was important to work hard when going somewhere. Shutra’s status wasn’t that good.
Whether looking at it objectively or subjectively, Shutra was weak. He didn’t have any of his own soldiers and was supported by the local orc troop.
Putting him on the front lines would naturally be dangerous.
But he couldn’t borrow any troops from Chris and Caitlin. The two of them can let him borrow the lycan troops but the merits were likely to go back to Chris and Caitlin.
It wasn’t impossible for him to fight in the front lines. Yet, he would need to pay the cost. He would just have to use his own troops.
"Caitlin has thought hard about this.”
Chris grinned happily at Caitlin who was once again tight-lipped.
In-gong alternated looking between them.
‘Perhaps...aren’t they pretty nice?’
In-gong knew that Chris and Caitlin were monsters. They were blood-crazed monsters.
But was that due to Zephyr?
Moreover, the place where Zephyr mainly encountered Chris and Caitlin was the battlefield. They weren’t allies but enemies.
"Then Shutra, what will you do? I’m sure you will do some good work once you start. This isn’t a battle that will end with one fight anyway.”
In-gong looked at Caitlin after Chris’s question. She looked like a shy 15 year old girl rather than a commander. However, she wasn’t just cute.
“I understand, I will do as Noona said. Thank you for your consideration.”
After In-gong finished talking, Caitlin didn’t show any obvious expression but her eyes were half smiling. Even the corners of her mouth went up slightly.
"Tsutsu, I’m sorry I was so honest towards you.”
Caitlin ignored Chris’ laughs and pointed to the map of the battlefield.
"Since it is like this, I will now explain the details.”
Chris and Caitlin explained what would happen in the battle tomorrow. In-gong’s expression was a little complicated after hearing the two of the speak.
Assuming that they went against Zephyr, Chris and Caitlin could be good companions. However, it was difficult to say that they would be unconditionally good companions.
Chris and Caitlin died a year before the Day of Massacre, due to a surprise attack led by Zephyr along with other children of the Demon King.
The reason was simple as to why the children of the Demon King, who were busy fighting each other, united to remove both of them.
The 8th princess, Caitlin Moonlight.
She wasn’t the child of the Demon King.
Author’s Note:
There are many species in the Demon World.
All five of the Demon King’s queens are different species, so the princes and princess would have different species characteristics.
The species of the different princes and princesses will soon be explained.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 7 - Chapter 1: Entry #6
He had lunch with Chris and Caitlin and it was really superb compared to Shutra’s breakfast. It seemed like they had brought their own chefs to the battlefield. 
After the things were finished, In-gong returned to his base with Carack.
‘Wasn’t it Zephyr who uncovered it in the game?’
The secret of Caitlin’s birth.
She was the illegitimate child of the 4th queen, Elaine Moonlight, and Gallehed, one of the five captains of the Demon King’s Palace.
Zephyr was an orthodox member and didn’t let this fact go. He incited his other siblings to unite together and raised troops to get rid of Caitlin, Chris and Queen Elaine all at once.
Caitlin, Chris and the 4th Queen Elaine resisted and as a result, both sides received heavy casualties.
Chris, Caitlin and the 4th Queen Elaine died. The lycanthropes became virtually extinct.
The forces of the other siblings who competed with Zephyr were weakened.
Zephyr, who stirred up the conflict, watched with his hands behind his back and received mild damage.
‘After that battle, his power was firmly established.'
In other words, it would be good for In-gong if the Caitlin purge event didn’t happen.
‘Or I can use it.’
In-gong frowned at his merciless thoughts. He had talked to Chris and Caitlin for a while and ate their rice. To be honest, he was more overwhelmed by Caitlin than Chris. Her face flicked before him.
‘Ah, I don’t know. It is still far away. Let’s solve this situation first.’
It was still far away. It would happen in a few years, so he could think about it later.
‘Whether I decide to use them or not, I need to raise my own power.’
The same conclusion from this morning emerged. He could only start doing things once he raised his strength.
"Carack, please prepare a team for scouting. It will be enough if we eat and leave tomorrow morning right?”
"That is great.”
Carack nodded with a bright face. He was quite satisfied with the meal received at Caitlin’s base.
'Indeed, I acquired the Gourmet skill.’
Gourmet Lv1. It wasn’t helpful in combat, so he wouldn’t actively raise the skil level.
‘What is good? Isn’t it just developing the mouth? Then is it bad?’
They were futile worries. In-gong cleared his thoughts and once again said to Carack, "Then I will take a break. Later on, let me fill my stomach with some cows for dinner.”
"Understood.”
In-gong left Carack and entered the tent. Now that he was alone, a sigh emerged without him knowing it.
He had truly entered the game or he had arrived at a different world that was just like the game.
There was no explanation about why this happened. In-gong wondered why he had a game-like ability.
His job was a Protagonist while his uniqueness was a Conquest Knight.
In-gong had these questions but decided to set them aside for the moment.
‘I will train with the sword.’
From the time being, the most important thing was improving Shutra. He had to do that while gathering subordinates and investigating.
In-gong took out the wooden sword.
And the next morning, In-gong reached level 5.
&
"Will you be okay today?”
Carack asked after eating breakfast and leaving the garrison. He was smiling but his eyes looked worried.
"Yes, I will be fine.”
He was a crude, oversized orc but In-gong had become accustomed to it. Carack shrugged at In-gong’s answer.
“Hrmm, it seems like someone has changed overnight, although it is a good thing.”
Carack had only known Shutra for two days. Instead of responding, In-gong looked over the soldiers.
There was a total of 31 troops under In-gong, including Carack. They were all orcs.
They were local troops, led by Carack, that were assigned to In-gong.
‘Anyway, I want to continue training.’
In fact, In-gong spend all of last night levelling up.
He had suddenly appeared in another world, so he couldn’t sleep. However, he found it enjoyable swinging the sword and didn’t look at the time.
The result was visible. Moreover, he grew faster because he was low levelled.
He couldn’t help feeling happy. It was like studying and seeing his rank rise significantly in a national high school.
‘Ah, I want a sword. I want to level up.’
Fortunately, he had levelled up this morning, so he was in the best condition. He was able to swing the sword all night despite Shutra’s low stamina because his stamina was restored when he levelled up.
‘Huhuhu, my name is Joo In-gong. I am 1.3 times stronger than Villager A.’
In-gong currently had an average of 13 stat points. He was stronger than an ordinary Villager A.
He intentionally left his additional points and skill points alone. It would be more difficult to level up at higher levels, so he didn’t want to waste the additional points just yet.
‘I will save it for later.’
The same was true for his skill points. He could learn many skills if he concentrated.
‘How do I learn magic or psychic abilities? Do I need a separate teacher?’
As he went through his troubles in his head, he arrived at the area that he was supposed to scout.
The scouting area Caitlin assigned him was originally where the Red Lightning tribe used to live. It was an area that the Red Lightning tribe abandoned due to strategic reasons.
It couldn’t just be left alone.
'Yes, I can’t come all the way here just to write a report on scouting.’
Caitlin said there wouldn’t be a big threat but he wasn’t completely reassured. In-gong put aside his desire to level up and searched the surroundings vigilantly. While confirming the map given to Carack, he zoomed in on the mini-map as much as possible to ensure accuracy.
After approximately 20 minutes.
“Um.”
In-gong suddenly stopped. Carack quickly stopped the soldiers and asked In-gong,
"What is it? Is it too hard? Are your legs sore?”
He seemed to be seen as quite a big weakling. In-gong pointed to the map he was looking at and asked.
"This is the correct map right?”
“Is there something wrong?”
“Rather than something being wrong...”
There was another part. The map showed a straight path while the mini-map showed a small side path.
Why did it matter?
‘What is it? A hidden path!’
It wasn’t on the map. In other words, the people who made the map didn’t know about it.
Yet, it was on the mini-map. In other words, a route obviously existed.
Then it had to be a hidden path!
‘If this is a game, then it will be an event.’
At the end of the hidden path, there was always a monster, event or treasure. Moreover, this was a reconnaissance mission so finding anything was good.
‘An enemy might emerge but...there is Carack!’
He had Carack and the 30 orc warriors that were at least 10 times stronger than Villager A. He didn’t think there would be a big problem unless the enemy had superior numbers.
"Carack, I will lead from now on.”
Carack narrowed his eyes, then he burst out laughing.
"Your eyes are burning. Ambition is roaring.”
In-gong guided the orcs. The path was changed suddenly but because of Carack, the orcs followed In-gong’s instructions without saying anything.
The side path was really hidden. After walking through bushes for a while and passing an area covered in rocks from a landslide, there was a small path covered by trees.
As In-gong had expected, the path didn’t just end up as a path. At the end was an old stone door. There were letters engraved on the surface but they were difficult to recognize because they were covered in moss.
"Wah, how did you find this? Is Prince a magician?”
In-gong grinned at Carack’s admiration.
“I just did.”
He wasn’t a magician yet. Although, maybe, he would soon become one.
In-gong shrugged and ordered Carack and the orcs to clean up the stones around the door.
The stone door was big enough for Carack to walk through but it didn’t budge when they tried to open it. It seemed like they had to break the stone door to get inside.
"Prince, what do you want to do? Should I break in?”
Carack asked In-gong. In-gong stared at the stone door for a while instead of answering.
‘It is like the protagonist getting a broken leg instead of dying after falling off a cliff.’
The main character lived while others died. This was a chance to obtain money or something like an elixir.
In-gong stared at ‘Protagonist Correction Lv1’ and nodded. He ordered Carack,
"Smash."
Carack lifted his hammer.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 8 - Chapter 1: Entry #7
The stone door was large and solid but in the end, it was a stone tablet designed for opening and closing. Carack used his muscles and smashed it with the hammer.
It was obvious but the inside of the cave was dark. On top of that, it looked quite deep.
"The dwarves seem to have made this cave.”
Carack said with squinted eyes. In-gong had some questions.
“Dwarves? Are there dwarves in the Demon World?”
Just like how orcs were universally present in fantasy, Knight Saga also had dwarves.
They were a small species with thick shoulders and beards. Of course, they also had good strength, stamina and dexterity.
He’d been able to meet quite a number of dwarves when playing the human Locke. Right now, there was a dwarf among Locke’s companions.
However, it was different when playing Zephyr. Dwarves didn’t officially live in the Demon World.
Carack was dumbfounded by In-gong’s question. It seemed like he was surprised by something other than the question.
“Why?”
"No, you don’t remember your name but you know about dwarves.”
In-gong glared at him and Carack laughed awkwardly.
"I heard that they used to live here a long time ago. The Jishuka Mountains are slightly close to the Human World.”
"Did they move as a group?”
"That's what I heard. Well, it was a few hundred years ago, so no one knows why.”
It made sense. In-gong nodded and Carack continued.
"Well, I think this is a dwarf cave. After seeing the pieces on the door, does Prince think that it is impossible? Would orcs be able to punch through this cave?”
This place was the southern Jishuka Mountains. The cave required a large civil engineering work, not a simple labour force. The right skills were needed.
"Okay, let’s go.”
Looking at the state of the door, it seemed like the Red Lightning orcs were unaware of its existence. It meant they were unlikely to meet orcs inside.
‘If this is a dwarf cave, there should be dwarf weapons, right?’
Dwarf weapons were naturally expensive. They were expensive due to their good performance. In-gong had used many dwarf weapons when playing Knight Saga.
All of Knight Saga’s items were divided into five grades: common, uncommon, rare, unique and legend. It was roughly thought that every time the grade increased, the price would go higher by at least 10 times.
‘Yes, they also play a role in winning a war!’
If he was armed with a dwarf weapon, then even the weak Shutra could kill a person.
‘It would be better if higher grade weapons come out!’
In-gong felt his chest swell with wild dreams.
How long did they move?
‘Pant pant, over here.’
He found a hidden room due to the mini-map. It was a room that was like an arsenal.
However, there was one crucial problem.
[Your level is not high enough.]
[Your strength is not high enough.]
[Your magic power is not high enough.]
He kept on hearing similar messages when holding a weapon in his hand.
They were too heavy for Shutra’s thin arms. Some weapons also required a lot of magic power that Shutra didn’t have.
Of course, it was possible to swing them. However, it would be impossible to show the weapons’ true performance. A weapon that couldn’t be properly used would cause more harm than good.
In-gong’s fantastic dreams faded away. It was an inevitable result when he thought about it.
Would a red hare be able to defeat a white tiger? Nobody could draw Excalibur until King Arthur pulled it out. In order to use a good weapon, one had to be a good person.
'Although I can try one thing.’
In-gong picked up a dwarf weapon and placed it into his inventory. If he held it and thought ‘bag,’ then it would enter his inventory.
In-gong placed all the weapons into his inventory one by one. Carack stared at him from behind with wide eyes.
“P-Prince?”
In-gong grinned. It was natural to be surprised.
A weapon disappeared once In-gong held it. However, In-gong wasn’t shocked and just repeated the work silently.
"Takes the spoils. Later, it would be good if Carack... no. Carack, pick one right now and I will give weapons to the ones who show some merit.”
If an enemy appeared, Carack would be the one taking the lead in a fight. Naturally, Carack needed a good weapon.
Of course, it wasn’t the same for the other orcs fighting.
‘Then should I swallow it quickly?’
It was normal for the protagonist to get more of the loot. However, In-gong was currently a prince. It didn’t matter if Shutra’s status was slightly different from Chris and Caitlin.
Carack’s eyes shone as he picked a weapon, then went back to gawking at In-gong who was making the weapons disappear.
"Prince, are you really a magician?”
“A prince should know a few magic spells.”
He was a prince of the Demon World, not a magician. He needed to make Shutra grow.
Anyway, In-gong continued to fill his inventory and managed to sweep up all the dwarf equipment in the arsenal.
‘This is just the equipment.’
He hung a dagger that Shutra, who was slightly stronger than Villager A, could use on the belt at his waist and wore a shirt made of thin chains. He tried to wear a helmet but he quickly gave up since it was too heavy.
"Prince, should we keep going?”
Carack, who was holding a big axe, asked with a face half filled with joy and anxiety. The passage was really crowded due to the 31 big orcs. No, it felt really difficult to breathe. In-gong looked at the passage that was four to five metres wide and nodded.
"From the start, our mission was reconnaissance. Let’s keep moving forward.”
Weapons and treasures could pop up again.
In-gong activated the mini-map and took the lead with Carack.
After approximately an hour, as they walked through the long passage, there were a few more empty rooms but no treasures or weapons.
In-gong scratched his chin and stared at the mini-map that seemed to go on forever.
'Isn’t this cave too long? Aren’t we just going through the mountain?’
It didn’t matter if they were penetrating through the mountain. The important thing was the location of the exit. If it was the wrong place, they might end up in the area of the Red Lightning tribe.
'Would that be bad?’
If they had the element of surprise, it might turn out well.
Of course, In-gong didn’t intend for the 31 orcs to jump in the middle of the enemy. He was just going to check where the exit led to.
‘By the way, I want to learn magic.’
Learning a skill didn’t seem that difficult after his experience with the Swordsmanship and Map Reading skills. The problem was who would teach him.
‘I should get a magician.’
He was a prince of the Demon World but no one around him knew how to use magic.
‘Can Chris and Caitlin use spells? They probably have many people who can use magic around them. Should I ask Caitlin to teach me?’
If he asked Zephyr to teach him magic, Zephyr would probably stab him with the sword. However, Chris and Caitlin were different. It was highly likely they would teach him.
‘I would prefer Caitlin instead of Chris.’
If they had the same value, he would prefer the one in the skirt.
In-gong was visualizing Caitlin’s pretty face when he saw something. There was still darkness in front of him that the torch couldn’t reach but the mini-map showed a stone door lying beyond that darkness.
"The exit.”
Once In-gong spoke, Carack stopped in place and raised his hand. The trained orcs stopped in place.
Just like the entrance, the exit was likely to be sealed. Should they break the exit and check the situation, or return?
In-gong folded his arms and thought for a while.
It was at that moment.
A loud sound was heard in the darkness. Light came leaking from the exit.
“Hurry! That mad witch is following us!”
"Calm down, Kaichin! I know of this passage despite never seeing it before. That witch won’t be able to come after us.”
The voices of orcs could be heard and In-gong and Carack stared at each other. There was a sound and the stone door collapsed. Their eyes had been accustomed to darkness when the light poured in.
In-gong frowned. Many things were rushing through his head.
Orcs had appeared at the exit.
Kaichin, a high ranking member of the Red Lightning tribe.
Beyond the mountains...
A crazy witch was chasing them.
‘Caitlin!’
As In-gong expected, the cave was connected to the rear of the Red Lightning tribe and today, Chris and Caitlin were attacking their camp.
In other words, Kaichin and the orcs were soldiers who ran away from the battlefield!
The orcs on both sides were surprised. Carack hesitated before he lifted his axe and his orcs also raised their weapons.
In-gong turned his attention towards the mini-map. The mini-map showed the number of enemies.
"Prince! Retreat!”
Carack shouted. In-gong heard it as something dug into his chest.
“Cough!”
"Prince!”
An orc aimed a wolfbone staff and cast something in In-gong’s direction. In-gong collapsed to the ground while Carack started attacking with a vengeance. The orcs followed him.
"Kuheok, keok!”
In-gong staggered while falling to the ground. He was in too much pain. It was fortunate he was wearing the chainmail shirt.
‘Magic?! No, psychic powers?’
There wasn’t a chant but there was a possibility it was a psychic ability.
However, now wasn’t the time to be thinking about something like this. He heard screaming and shouting as the fighting started.
‘Get up. I have to get up!’
In-gong got up. He zoomed in on the mini-map to check on the situation.
However, In-gong couldn’t concentrate. The clear voice of a woman rang in his head.
[Telekinesis Lv1 has been learnt.]
“Huh?”
Telekinesis.
In-gong looked down at his chest.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 9 - Chapter 1: Entry #8
‘Telekinesis? Is it really Telekinesis? No, did I really learn it?’
 Knight Saga had several powers. 
There were those who, like warriors, acquired aura power to fight directly with their bodies. 
Magicians used the power of nature to cast magic. 
Unlike theoretical magic, mental power and psychic power were close to instinctual.
The gods gave divine powers to their believers.
People were born with the powers but it was rare for someone to have psychic powers.
‘Did I wake up a psychic power? Then can I wake up another power like aura? If I have divine power, can I awaken it?’ 
If it was as he thought, then it was truly a scam. Even Zephyr and Locke couldn’t master all four powers.
In-gong impulsively opened his skill window. Then he thought again because he didn’t want to distribute his skill points too impulsively.
'No, I have to. Right now, it will be a big help if I put points into Telekinesis. I must live!’
He was currently in battle. This wasn’t the time to save his points. He needed to leave here alive to learn other powers. 
In-gong cleared his thoughts and looked up. The exit was much larger than the passage because it was located in a vacant lot. However, the dozens of big orcs made it seem narrow. 
"Kuaaaak!" 
"Kuhang!” 
Among them, Carack and Kaichin were facing each other. The other orcs wielded their weapons and were busy dealing with the enemies in front of them.
The orc that held a wolfbone staff and had hit In-gong with a psychic attack was fighting other orcs. 
'We are being pushed.’ 
The mini-map showed that each side had similar numbers. 
However, a fight wasn’t just about numbers. In-gong nervously swallowed his saliva and stared at Carack. He was having a tough confrontation with Kaichin, a member the Red Lightning tribe. 
‘Well done! As expected of Carack! It was worth giving that weapon to him!' 
"Cough!" 
“Keok!”
Carack’s orcs and the Red Lightning orcs screamed as they were killed. In-gong felt a sense of horror as he brandished his knife at a passerby and blood gushed out. 
“Pant pant.” 
In-gong started breathing heavily. Due to the telekinesis strike, In-gong was now on the edge of the battle.
‘What should I do? Shouldn’t I strike if I want some experience?’ 
It was unreasonable for In-gong to confront an orc. Although he was 1.3 times stronger than Villager A, an orc was many times stronger. Moreover, he had just learnt swordsmanship, so a 1:1 melee confrontation was too much. 
However, he couldn’t just watch. He was able to gain experience just by wielding a wooden sword. Therefore, taking part in an actual battle could make his level rise in a flash. 
‘I need to hold them off. How can I hold them off?’ 
He couldn’t just lunge in and hit everything. 
'Something else, something different.’ 
It had to be helpful. It wasn’t in his nature to run away or hide from a fight.
'Should I increase the level of Telekinesis?’ 
If he invested all his skill points, he could increase Telekinesis to level three. However, it was hard to know how much each level would cost. 
‘A lot of points are required for a skill like Telekinesis. It might require more points after reaching level two.’ 
He would be really upset if he didn’t have enough to reach level three. 
‘I can’t just throw them all away on Telekinesis.’ 
There was also Basic Swordsmanship. If Basic Swordsmanship reached level four, it seemed possible. 
In-gong opened his skills window. However, unlike his original idea, he didn’t touch Basic Swordsmanship. 
It was because he noticed something once again.
[Conquest Lv -] 
An inactive skill. 
Conquest Knight was listed in the uniqueness section. 
He had never seen a Conquest Knight in Knight Saga before. What was a Conquest Knight? Furthermore, there was also a skill. 
‘Conquest.’
His heart started throbbing. He had never felt this before. It felt like something was surging in his chest. 
'Punishment, obedience...governance.’
These words popped into his head. At that moment, everything before him became dark and in the darkness, he saw a woman dressed in white. A woman with one red eye, one blue eye, long white hair and the adornment of a golden crown stared at In-gong. 
"Do something! Hit him!” 
The orc holding a wolfbone staff shouted loudly and pointed at In-gong. All the orcs, regardless if they were friend or foe, stared at In-gong with surprise. A pure white light was surrounding In-gong. 
“Stop!” 
"Hit him!” 
"Watch the prince!” 
Carack was the last voice. Kaichin woke up from his amazement and aimed the hammer at Carack. 
"Prince?”
This was the first time the prince didn’t listen when he was called. Carack avoided the hammer desperately and Kaichin then started running toward In-gong. 
"Die! We must kill him!” 
The son of the Demon King. 
A prince.
Shutra wasn’t weak but Chris and Caitlin were incredibly strong. To Kaichin, who’d dealt with both of them, Shutra seemed like a terrible monster. 
Carack chased after Kaichin. The orcs with opposing purposes flocked toward each other; one side to protect In-gong and the other to kill him. 
In-gong didn’t notice any of the fuss. He was alone in a new world where only the woman in white could be seen.
She said something but he couldn’t hear her voice. Darkness enveloped the woman and the darkness covering In-gong’s eyes soon faded away.
"Prince!”
“Heok?”
Carack shouted and In-gong jumped back. Kaichin’s battle hammer struck the place where In-gong had just been standing.
"Ohhhh!" 
Carack struck Kaichin. A struggle between the two orcs occurred in front of In-gong. 
In-gong quickly grabbed the dwarf dagger. Instead of leaping forward recklessly, his instincts made him open the skill window. 
[Secondary Occupation: Conquest Knight Lv1] 
It was a new occupation. Additionally, it wasn’t just the occupation that was added.
‘The power of conquest is a king’s strength!’ 
In-gong understood it naturally. The skill Conquest had been activated.
"Below the King’s Flag!" 
In-gong stabbed the dagger into the ground. At that moment, a white light scattered around the area. A white line also formed between In-gong and Carack. 
It was only for a moment.
But it was enough. In-gong invoked the power of a king and Carack embraced that power as the king’s subordinate. 
‘Kuooooh!’
Carack swung his axe. It was a faster and more powerful blow than before.
“Keok?” 
Kaichin moaned with confusion as he was pushed back by Carack. Then Carack aimed his axe at Kaichin’s head. It was a continuous strike that normally wouldn’t have been possible.
The dwarf battle axe smashed through Kaichin’s head at once. As brains and blood splattered everywhere, a sensation was shared between In-gong and Carack. 
[Your level has risen.] 
[Your level has risen.]
Carack achieved some merits for his king. 
In-gong stared at Carack after gaining two levels. Yet, the line between In-gong and Carack was still the same. 
“Go! Carack!” 
After hearing In-gong’s command, Carack took a deep breath and pulled his axe from where it was stuck in Kaichin’s head. Shaking his axe, he let out a battle cry. 
“Fight, fight! That is the only way to live!”
The orc shaman, the orc with the wolfbone staff, shouted urgently. However, it was useless. The Red Lightning orcs standing near the exit were trembling as they felt like fleeing. 
“Kuooh!” 
Carack rushed through the orcs and swung his axe in every direction. The momentum was so intense that no orc could endure Carack’s strikes. 
“Run away!” 
Once one of the orcs cried out, the balance collapsed completely. 
The Red Lightning orcs fled toward the exit. Meanwhile, Carack rushed toward the orc shaman who cursed and brandished his staff. 
Kakang!
There was a clanging sound as the axe and staff hit each other. However, they didn’t bounce off each other. Carack’s axe split through the staff and dug into the orc shaman’s chest. 
“Kuhak!” 
The orc shaman gave a pained groan. However, his eyes were still alive. He pushed intensely at Carack with Telekinesis. 
It was his final, desperate struggle. 
The orc shaman was determined to die. In-gong reached for his dagger. 
‘Just one more!’ 
The orc shaman’s next attack didn’t happen. A new blade had pierced the side of the orc shaman. 
“Cough!”
The orc shaman felt some excruciating pain while using Telekinesis. The orc shaman stared at In-gong who was stabbing him with poisonous eyes. The dwarf dagger was firmly embedded in him. 
‘I have to kill him!’ 
In-gong didn’t say it out loud but it was enough. The orc shaman fell down with a final cry and In-gong took a few steps back.
“Hah, ha...” 
The line connected to Carack disappeared. Despite having just levelled up, his body felt heavy like he had exhausted all his stamina. 
“Prince.”
Carack called out to In-gong, who then turned and looked at him. Carack seemed like a brutal beast due to the blood covering him but Carack just laughed and raised his axe.
“We won! I took Kaichin’s head. Prince’s victory!” 
"Ohhh!”
"Ohhhhh!”
Carack’s orc subordinates cheered with pleasure at the victory. 
Instead of cheering with them, In-gong sat down and breathed in deeply. Now that the battle was over, he didn’t have much spirit remaining. 
Over the orcs cheers, a voice was heard in In-gong’s head. 
[Your level has risen.]
Level eight.
In-gong laughed with delight.
End of Chapter 1 - Entry. Start of Chapter 2 - Alliance.
Author’s Note: 
Some of you may have noticed but one of the core materials of Breakers is the ‘Four Knights of the Apocalypse.’
Joo In-gong is a Conquest Knight.
-I know that some subcultures use Pestilence but I decided on Conquest.
{TEXT}



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 10 - Chapter 2: Alliance
There were many species in the Demon World.
There were the draconians who inherited the essence of the great dragon species, the succubi and incubi, the vampires who lusted after blood and souls, the sura who could be called the strongest combat species and the fallen fairies that were called dark elves.
There would be no end if they were listed one by one.
Even though there were as many species as grains of sand, some of them had specifically demonstrated their strength.
The lycanthropes were a tough species. They were born with strong vitality and showed remarkable ability to resist time. Additionally, those with the blood of the wild were ruthless, persistent and excellent hunters.
The lycanthropes were breathing harshly.
Their appearances varied and they could pass off as wolves, tigers, and so on.
They weren’t breathing hard because they were exhausted. It was to control the wild blood that had awakened.
The smell of the Red Lightning tribe’s blood stimulated the lycanthropes. Some lost control and bit the bodies of the orcs.
Among the lycanthropes, there was one who was different.
It was a female with dark blue hair tied up and bloodied black leather armour.
Caitlin Moonlight.
The eighth princess and lycanthrope was controlling her breathing with closed eyes.
As a half lycanthrope and half sura, she was unlike the other lycanthropes. However, none of the lycanthropes dared to ignore her.
After breathing for a long time, Caitlin finally opened her eyes. She sniffed as she looked around and frowned.
'I missed him.’
She succeeded in smashing Kaichin’s army but she missed killing Kaichin and Kaidum.
'It can't be helped.’
It was a melee and they were cowards who didn’t fight properly.
'Yes, it can’t be helped.’
She tried to convince herself but it didn’t work. In the end, Caitlin kicked furiously at the ground.
"Princess."
Caitlin turned around as someone called out to her.
"Seira.”
Caitlin’s direct subordinate, the lycanthrope Seira, bowed. As a leopard lycanthrope, her golden hair was dyed red with the blood of enemies. Regardless, she was a stable subordinate.
"Are you hurt anywhere?”
Caitlin asked with a gentle smile.
"I’m fine, thank you for worrying. I have an urgent matter to report.”
“Huh? Report?”
The battle was already over, so Caitlin didn’t know what needed to be reported. Seira took one step closer to Caitlin.
"Kaichin is dead. Kaidum, who was with him, also died.”
It was good news but Caitlin used raised an eyebrow instead of feeling jubilant.
“Who caught him?”
They had run away just after the battle started. Were there soldiers tracking them after they left the battlefield?
In response to Caitlin’s question, Seira coughed with an uncomfortable expression and replied,
“Prince Shutra.”
“Huh?”
Caitlin let out a sound reflexively. Shutra’s name had suddenly come out.
Seira understood Caitlin’s heart, so she continued with an awkward smile.
"Prince Shutra caught Kaichin and Kaidum. He personally took down Kaidum.”
Caitlin just stared blankly instead of replying. Seira understood her master’s confusion.
'I thought the same.’
However, it was true.
The Ninth Prince Shutra Ignus.
The weakest prince had caught Kaichin and Kaidum and he achieved the best merits in today’s battle.
&
He received rewards for catching the enemy.
He had gained three levels and learnt the new skill, Telekinesis.
It was obviously a good thing. However, In-gong couldn’t be comforted easily.
'What is it?’
That white woman he saw during the battle.
She wore white clothes and had a golden crown on her head. One of her eyes was red and the other blue. The woman had been unrealistically beautiful.
‘No, rather than being beautiful...she felt different?’
Anyway, it was clear that she wasn’t an ordinary person.
But who was she? She was someone who hadn’t appear in Knight Saga.
‘Is she an important person who normally appears in moments of crisis?’
Maybe she was the one who had brought In-gong into this world.
'Punishment, obedience, governance.’
The words he’d heard from the woman surfaced in his head again.
In-gong activated both the status window and skills window. Both of them surfaced in front of him.
[Secondary Occupation: Conquest Knight Lv1]
[Conquer Lv1]
[Below the King’s Flag Lv1)
The deactivated skill Conquest became Lv1 but like Protagonist Correction, he wasn’t able to raise the level with skill points.
‘Conquest. Conquest Knight.’
It was a skill and occupation that hadn’t existed in Knight Saga.
'Below the King’s Flag is a buff skill... The power of conquest is the power of a king? Is that why the white woman is wearing a crown?’
In-gong worried about it for a while before sighing, then concluded it neatly.
‘Ah, I don’t know. If she is really important, I’ll see her again later.’
He wouldn’t get any answers, so there was no point struggling alone. The information he had was too lacking in the first place.
‘If I go to the library, there might be stories related to this.’
The library in the Demon King’s Palace was managed by an elder lich. It contained a lot of information, so there might be something related to a Conquest Knight there.
‘In order to take advantage of that, I need to be strong.’
It was a ridiculous rule in the Demon King’s Palace and the Demon World.
Those who didn’t reach a certain level of strength couldn’t use some facilities in the palace and in the towns. A few more levels were required to use the magic laboratories or the blacksmiths.
The library needed a very high level. Even Zephyr hadn’t been able to use the library in the early parts of the game.
‘It is good for now.’
He was already level eight. It wasn’t even half of Carack’s level but it was significant since he had just barely stepped into this world.
‘Come to think of it.’
In-gong had killed an orc with his own hands. However, he didn’t feel any surge of emotions.
'Uh, shouldn’t I have a trauma by now?’
Was In-gong a psychopath? No, there was no way. Anyway, it was in a battle and if he didn’t kill the orc, his allies would have died.
'And it was an orc.’
He felt sorry towards Carack but he couldn’t think of orcs as people yet. Their appearance was too different.
“Prince.”
“Huh?”
In-gong raised his head after hearing Carack’s call. Carack looked at In-gong like he was crazy and pointed down the hill.
"Someone is coming.”
"What?"
He asked but there was no reply. In-gong checked to see who was coming from the bottom of the hill.
‘Caitlin?’
He didn’t have time to observe more closely. Caitlin quickly climbed the hill and moved next to In-gong.
“Are you okay? Are you injured anywhere?”
Caitlin asked while looking at In-gong’s bloody clothes. Her voice was full of worry.
“You... No, is Noona okay?”
In-gong was more concerned about Caitlin. In-gong only had a little bit of blood on his clothes but Caitlin seemed like she had bathed in blood. Her blue hair was dyed dark from the blood.
Caitlin shrugged at In-gong’s question and said,
“It isn’t my blood.”
‘Wah, I never thought I would actually hear that line.’
Caitlin took one step closer to In-gong while he was admiring her. She stared straight at In-gong and asked,
"What happened?”
“I will explain what happened.”
In-gong summarised his experiences, making it as short as possible. During the reconnaissance, he had found a small path and an entrance to a cave. As he moved along the cave, he had arrived at the exit and encountered Kaichin’s party.
‘I will leave out the part about finding dwarf weapons.’
In-gong glanced nervously at his inventory button before looking back at Caitlin.
‘How will she respond?'
Caitlin had been the confident one in yesterday’s meeting. Maybe she had been kind to him because Shutra was too weak to be a threat.
However, now, Shutra, In-gong, had gotten the highest merit. He had also taken down one of the enemies with his own hands.
How would Caitlin respond?
Would she be wary? Would she treat him unkindly like Zephyr?
“Amazing.”
“Huh?”
“It is really amazing. You have made yourself distinguished!”
It wasn’t what he’d expected. Caitlin laughed brightly. Her face was so pretty that it was the first time In-gong understood the phrase, ‘flower bud blooming’. He completely forgot that Caitlin was bloody.
Caitlin was different from yesterday. It was like she was truly delighted that her little brother had gotten some merits.
‘Kuk, I should be purified.’
In-gong felt bad for thinking dark thoughts.
‘Zephyr aimed for someone like this? Indeed, Zephyr.’
It was Zephyr who removed all threats by killing his siblings. It would be harder to be friendly to someone like that.
Anyway, In-gong had a question answered when he saw Caitlin laughing. She was similar but different from the white woman. They were both pretty, but Caitlin seemed like a person while the white woman hadn’t.
"You are much stronger than I thought. Cool, you’re trustworthy.”
Caitlin patted In-gong’s shoulder. At that light touch, In-gong had another thought.
‘Didn’t I awaken Telekinesis after being hit by it?’
Unfortunately, In-gong didn’t have any priests who knew how to use divine power. Neither did he have magicians who knew mana or aura users around.
However, now, Caitlin was in front of him.
"Noona, I have a request.”
“Huh? A request? What is it?”
She grinned like she was pleased to receive the request. In-gong said as naturally as possible.
"Please hit me with a little bit of your aura.”
It didn’t take long for Caitlin’s expression to change.
Author’s Note: the Four Knights of the Apocalypse.
White Knight of Conquest/ Red Knight of War/ Blue Knight of Death/ Black Knight of Famine.
See you tomorrow.
Today is a happy day. :D



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 11 - Chapter 2: Alliance #2 
"My little brother is a pervert! My little brother is a pervert!”
Caitlin shouted toward Chris from the middle of the tent. It was loud enough to be heard from outside the tent as In-gong waved his hands frantically.
“I-is that possible?”
He had certainly made a mistake. He asked her to hit him with her aura; it was certainly a strange request.
However, a pervert? Shurta was a young man who was only 14 years old. Moreover, In-gong didn’t enjoy those types of hobbies.
"I thought you were respectful but...”
In-gong didn’t know why and Chris just clicked his tongue, seeming to enjoy teasing In-gong. Caitlin alternated between looking at Chris and In-gong and muttered,
“Pervert...”
Her eyes were looking at her younger brother but they had changed a little bit. The misunderstanding seemed to have deepened during the time they washed up. In-gong groaned and opened his eyes wide.
"I told you the reason why!”
Of course, he hadn’t explain everything but they didn’t seem to believe in his innocence. Although Chris and Caitlin had heard quite a bit of the story, the two of them were still teasing him like this.
He had always been interested in Aura. So, he explained to Chris and Caitlin that he just wanted to feel the aura directly with his body.
Chris wiped the teasing smirk from his face. He placed his arm around In-gong and said seriously,
"Hmm, although it doesn’t seem like an impossible story... I’ve never heard of someone awakening Aura like that.”
Aura was life force.
Therefore, all creatures living on the Assenba Continent had the possibility of having a small or large aura.
The most common way to awaken an aura was through training.
If they repeated an action a thousand times a day, there might be an ‘oh!’ moment. This was indeed the most universal and reasonable way to awaken it.
Of course, there were individual differences between species.
The lycanthropes were overflowing with vitality, so they were capable of awakening it easily. On the other hand, the orcs were a tough warrior species but the odds of them awakening an aura was low.
Caitlin and Chris had both awakened an aura despite being in the mid-teens. It was an amazing feat despite it being the racial characteristic of lycanthropes.
They were talented but had to work very hard to achieve it. Shutra hadn’t seen an aura before, so it wasn’t unusual that he wanted to feel it.
Caitlin and Chris thought about it with a serious expression before asking In-gong.
“Is it possibly because you are a gandharva?”
Gandharva. Shutra’s mother and the 5th queen was from the Ignus tribe.
Gandharva had a great talent for ‘sensing’ things. It didn’t matter if it was the wind or a power flowing in the atmosphere.
Chris thought it was a good story and stared at In-gong with curious eyes. In-gong laughed awkwardly and said.
"Uh...well, that might be the case. I just want to feel it for a little bit.”
"You want to feel...”
Chris’ eyes became a little bit mischievous. He squeezed In-gong’s tired shoulders while Caitlin kept an eye on Chris. Chris chuckled at the expressions on his younger siblings’ faces.
"Okay, let me do it. I’ll be polite.”
He raised a big fist filled with aura. It seemed like In-gong would die if he was hit by it.
"Ah, no! I would prefer Noona rather than Hyung...”
In-gong frantically looked at Caitlin. Chris also glanced at Caitlin with joy filled eyes and she sighed.
“I understand. I will try it.”
Caitlin stood in front of In-gong and swept a glance over his body. It seemed like she was worrying about where to hit.
"Uh, how about your shoulder or your arm?”
In-gong turned and showed her his shoulder. Despite levelling up, he still felt like it would be a hard and painful blow.
Caitlin nodded with a grim expression and lifted her right hand. Unlike Chris, the blue aura around Caitlin’s hand felt cold.
“Should I do it now?”
“Yes.”
In-gong was tense but Caitlin was even more nervous. Rather than hitting In-gong, Caitlin touched his shoulder gently.
“Is that it?”
There was nothing. Nevertheless, it wasn’t a simple contact.
In-gong laughed to reassure Caitlin and said,
“No, a little bit harder.”
"This much?"
Caitlin hit In-gong’s shoulder with the palm of her hand. He sensed something but it was subtle.
"A little bit more!"
At In-gong’s shout, Caitlin turned toward Chris with a restless expression. In-gong didn’t know why but he enjoyed it a little bit. It was because Caitlin’s restless face was so cute.
‘No, now isn’t the time for something like this. Regain your spirit, your spirit.’
In-gong shook his head and urged Caitlin.
"Properly!"
Chris nodded toward Caitlin’s unspoken question. She closed her eyes and struck In-gong’s arm.
“Keok!”
In-gong cried out and fell to the ground. He was hit in the arm but his whole body was sore.
“Shutra?”
“Hey! Are you okay?”
Caitlin and Chris approached with surprise. He had screamed so loudly it could be heard outside the tent.
In-gong endured the pain and nodded. He was literally in tears but there was an achievement.
[You have learnt Aura Lv1.]
"Huhut.”
Aura Lv1. However, he felt sick as the new power spread deep inside his body.
“Hey! Hey! Are you really okay?”
Chris' voice seemed somewhat distant. Why was he losing consciousness from being hit in the arm? Was it due to awakening the aura?
“Shutra!”
In-gong smiled with satisfaction as Caitlin’s cries faded away. He had fainted.
&
In-gong was in the dark.
His eyes weren’t open, so it wasn’t strange that his vision was dark.
There were people gathered in this space. He was able to see them easily despite the darkness around him.
He saw a woman with white hair wearing a golden crown. It was the woman dressed in white that he had seen before.
The woman wasn’t alone. It was blurry but there were three more people with her.
There was a woman with reddish blonde hair and a fire-like, red aura around her body.
There was a skinny man dressed in black clothes that made him almost indistinguishable from the surrounding darkness.
The last man was wearing a blue cloak and a skull-shaped helmet.
In-gong wanted to look at the three people more closely. However, he couldn’t reach them.
The white woman turned in his direction. Her red and blue eyes stared at In-gong and he woke up.
“Are you okay?”
"Hiiik!”
In-gong stared straight into the face of an orc when he woke up. He tried to move his body away as much as possible.
"Pant, pant...what a surprise.”
It was shocking to suddenly go from looking at a beauty to an orc.
The orc who he saw was Carack. Carack stared at In-gong and sighed with relief.
“Did you have a bad dream?”
"Uh, that is...”
In-gong made a confused sound. He obviously had a dream but couldn’t remember the contents. They were all just blurry images.
"Well, it was just a dream. By the way, why did you ask the princess to hit you? The princess has been restless.”
In-gong checked the time before answering. It had only been approximately five hours, so a day hadn’t passed yet. He knew it was dark without needing to go outside.
‘Was she really worried?’
He recalled Caitlin’s face from just before he fainted. Her face was cute when she was confused.
"Prince?"
"Ah, no. It is nothing.”
Now wasn’t the time to be thinking about this. In-gong leaned against the wall in a sitting position. He ignored Carack’s suspicious gaze and held out his palms.
"Wait a minute.”
He closed his eyes and focused his senses. He was able to sense the new energy in his body without difficulty.
“Ohh, I sense it.”
This was Aura. It was only level one, but he still had Aura!
In-gong’s eyes shone while Carack’s eyes widened.
"I can feel something.”
"Aura. I asked Caitlin noona to hit me with her aura so that I could feel it.”
“Huh? Then you’ve awakened Aura by feeling it?”
Carack was dumbfounded. In-gong quickly dismissed it with his hands.
“No, that’s not it. It is hard to explain.”
It really was difficult to explain.
Carack bit his lip, like he was thinking, before nodding.
“I understand. Anyway, I am glad that you are safe. Congratulations on awakening Aura.”
"Yes, you should also celebrate. Killing Kaichin is a big achievement.”
‘By the way, what about the reward for the merits?’
In the game, a prince who achieved great merit would receive compensation from the Demon King’s Palace. Things like getting an increase in monthly living expenses, receiving good items or receiving permission to access various facilities in the Demon King’s Palace.
‘Should I ask for Carack?’
Carack had originally been a local warrior.
'Yes, I shouldn’t separate from him. That boat had already sailed after I gave him the axe.’
So be it. He might even give him another dwarf weapon later on.
While In-gong was nodding to himself, Carack stared at him with a strange look. He looked around for a while before saying in a cautious tone,
"That- In fact, I wanted to ask you something.”
“What do you want to ask?”
"Well, there was something strange when we were fighting. All of a sudden, power suddenly burst into my body? Besides... Um...”
“What is it?”
“That... It is strange but I felt loyalty toward Prince? The emotion was like a burning flame.”
Below the King’s Flag.
A king could give power to his followers by drawing out hidden power from them.
In-gong answered with a smile.
"That’s right. I enhanced your power.”
“Ohh? Nevertheless, Prince is also a prince!”
"Yes, so serve me well.”
“I understand.”
Carack grinned and nodded. He was happy but his face still looked quite fierce.
‘Should Carack just be my subordinate? He fought well today.’
His first subordinate wasn’t a beautiful succubus or dark elf but beggers couldn’t be choosers.
"By the way, can I hear about the progress of today’s battle? I haven’t heard from Caitlin or Chris.”
He wasn’t able to hear any important news due to the conversation about Aura.
Carack nodded and explained with clenched fists.
"Prince Chris and Princess Caitlin have destroyed Kaichin’s position. We killed Kaichin and Kaidum. It was a sweeping victory thanks to us! We succeeded in taking over a military headquarters.”
In-gong cocked his head for a moment after hearing the story.
"Wait a minute, military headquarters?”
“H-have you forgotten this as well?”
Carack asked with wide eyes. In-gong frowned.
"Wasn’t it only Chris, Caitlin and I who came to quell the Red Lightning tribe?”
“That is impossible. The Red Lightning tribe isn’t lacking troops.”
This made a lot of sense. Including Carack, Shutra only had 31 troops. Caitlin had dozens more soldiers than Shutra. However, if they combined their troops with Chris, it would only reach up to 400.
There was a military headquarters. Chris, Caitlin and In-gong didn’t have enough troops to take it over.
"Who took the military headquarters?”
In-gong asked quickly. He felt an ominous premonition.
Carack scratched the back of his head and replied.
"General Vandal.”
The ogre Vandal that was the match of 100 warriors.
He was the one closest to Zephyr.
Author's Note: These questions will come up sooner or later, so I will answer them in advance.
Q : What species is the Demon King?
A : The Demon King is a ‘sura.’
Therefore, all of the Demon King’s children are half sura + half another species.
E.g. Shutra: Sura + gandharva/ Chris, Caitlin: sura + lycanthrope  (Gallehed who is Caitlin’s father is also a sura).
The rest of the children will gradually be revealed (the species of the queens are different).
See you tomorrow.
Today is a happy day. :D



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 12 - Chapter 2: Alliance #3 
From the tip of his head to his toes, he was four metres tall. His body was one of the largest among the ogres and he had a power that surpassed even the giants.
Among Zephyr’s followers, just his physical attack power could be considered the strongest.
In-gong swallowed his saliva as he was reminded of Vandal’s specs and appearance. When he was playing Zephyr, he really liked having Vandal as a subordinate.
‘I have to go against Vandal using Carack?’
In-gong compared them involuntarily. It was clear that Carack was no match for Vandal.
Vandal the ogre warrior - an ogre that could face 100 enemies alone. Wasn’t he equivalent to Zhang Fei in the Three Kingdoms?
‘By the way... is there a reason to think like this?’
Right now, it was Year 512. However, Vandal hadn’t become Zephyr’s subordinate until Year 515.
In other words, Vandal wasn’t Zephyr’s yet.
‘Isn’t this an opportunity?’
He could obtain Vandal as a subordinate. This meant more than getting his hands on Vandal. It meant that Zephyr’s power would be weakened!
In-gong swallowed with excitement involuntarily. As his increase in level caused a rise in intelligence, he started remembering more things.
Vandal liked royal gifts. The female ogres that Vandal liked. Vandal's specialties.
And the most important condition to obtaining Vandal!
In-gong sighed for a long moment. Vandal’s condition was to defeat him in a one-on-one fight.
His desire to serve a strong ruler was one of his primary character traits.
'Just...keep an eye on him.’
Anyway, Vandal wouldn’t become Zephyr’s subordinate until Year 515. There was still enough time.
"Prince?"
Carack called out to In-gong with an anxious expression. He had become excited then sad all on his own, so it was natural for Carack to be confused.
"Ah, I was wondering about General Vandal. How many troops does he have?”
Carack replied sincerely to In-gong’s question.
"He has a total of 3,000 people. While we hit the bottom, he knocked over the top of the Red Lightning tribe.”
In-gong pictured it in his head. The main army of the Red Lightning tribe was in a different place.
‘Then we detoured around the enemy.’
Their battlefields were in different places. so he wouldn’t meet Vandal for a while.
'Yes, I will concentrate on Caitlin.’
Chris and Caitlin were more important than Vandal at the moment.
"I’m glad that you are okay. Rest well.”
Carack laughed and got up to leave. In-gong nodded, then he suddenly reached out to grab the leaving Carack.
“Carack!”
"What is it?
Carack asked and In-gong rubbed his belly.
“I am hungry. Give me rice.”
He hadn’t eaten anything since lunch.
Carack nodded and left.
&
Once the next morning arrived, In-gong was facing Caitlin. As expected, he ended up meeting with the two people.
"Don’t do that again.”
Caitlin’s face was hard. It was almost as cold as the time Zephyr caught Caitlin.
Chris just laughed and said,
"You shocked Caitlin yesterday. Don’t you know I would have been beaten to death if you died?”
“Oppa.”
Caitlin glared at him and Chris shut his mouth. However, his eyes were still full of playfulness.
It was especially obvious when he looked between In-gong and Caitlin. Fortunately, even though she had a cold face like she had when facing Zephyr, Caitlin’s eyes were worried. In-gong was pleasantly surprised and held back his laughter.
"Hmm, hmm. I’m okay and thanks to that, didn’t I awaken?”
After In-gong’s words, the two people didn’t respond immediately. Caitlin blinked at his words while Chris got up blankly from his seat.
“Perhaps?”
Chris didn’t say anything else. He walked in front of In-gong and placed a big hand on In-gong’s wrist.
A red aura covered Chris’ hands. At that moment, In-gong felt the aura inside his body reacting.
"This child, did you really?”
Chris was shocked. His eyes showed that he couldn’t believe it.
"Did you really just awaken Aura?”
He muttered again like it was absurd. In-gong thought it was quite funny and answered with a small smile.
"No, feeling Aura directly was important.”
He felt it. It was right that he awakened after being hit but he couldn’t possible say it directly like that.
“Hah, oh my god. What is this guy? Was he someone who hid his claws?”
Shutra’s nickname was Prince of Scraps. Shutra was a sickly prince who was less skilled than an ordinary Villager A.
However, at present, he just woke up Aura with his own power? Moreover, he did it after experiencing a real Aura once?
"Shutra, can you activate your aura? I will help you.”
Caitlin regained herself and said to In-gong. There was a little bit of excitement in her voice.
‘Activate my aura? Is she talking about the Aura system?’
It didn’t end after awakening Aura.
Feeling Aura was just the first step. In fact, this was no different from before Aura was awakened. It was just preparation for developing Aura.
Activating Aura was the second step.
It was often called the step where Internal Strength type Aura was utilized.
There were many applications of the Internal Strength Aura system but the basics were the same. It was to make the circulation of Aura in the body faster and stronger. The use of Internal Strength Aura greatly improved physical abilities. Caitlin’s slender arms were capable of a lot of force thanks to Internal Strength Aura.
The third step was to externally release Aura.
Aura would literally drain out of the body. Once this stage was reached, weapons could be covered with Aura or it could be shot out like energy. It was commonly referred to as an aura blade in games and manga.
Finally, the last step was the embodiment of Aura. The power of the soul would be symbolized through Aura.
This was the ultimate stage of Aura and humans called it the Heavenly Sword.
Anyhow, In-gong was merely at the first step of awakening Aura.
Yet, she wanted him to try and activate it now?
"Hey, that is too hard. How is he supposed to activate Aura when he just got it yesterday? He would have to be a genius to do that.”
Chris shook his head like it was ridiculous but Caitlin was unmovable.
"Just try it once.”
Then she grasped In-gong’s hand lightly. In-gong blinked with surprise at the light touch.
Usually strong warriors had calluses on their hands but Caitlin didn’t have any. In-gong was surprised but he had the perspective of a pre-university student who had just graduated high school, so he was just surprised by the softness.
'It feels good.’
His face turned red. Fortunately, Caitlin was focused on In-gong’s hands instead of his face.
"I’ll start. Just follow me.”
Caitlin took a deep breath and closed her eyes. In-gong thought, ‘Long eyelashes!’ While he was thinking, a blue aura covered him slowly.
It was being guided and In-gong made his aura mimic the movements.
It might have been possible if In-gong really was a genius who awakened Aura after experiencing it. However, In-gong wasn’t such a genius.
After closing his eyes and trying to concentrate, In-gong finally changed his mind and glanced up.
Chris was staring at Caitlin while Caitlin was concentrating with her eyes closed.
‘I’d like to surprise them.’
It wasn’t just that. Right now, Aura was a necessary skill for In-gong. There were no room for slow growth, so he used the skill points.
[Aura Lv2]
In-gong used the system to increase the level of Aura. At that moment, Caitlin opened her eyes. She noticed something about In-gong.
In-gong’s aura was active. He followed Caitlin and started his own lively movements.
Caitlin was startled and her mouth dropped open. It was evident that she wanted to praise him but that wasn’t the end of her surprise.
‘It still isn’t enough to be used in battle. I would be a fool to close my eyes now.’
He used his remaining skill points.
[Aura Lv3]
A pale white light glowed from where Caitlin and In-gong’s hands were joined. Caitlin’s face froze while Chris’ eyes widened from where he was watching on the sidelines.
"G-genius?"
Wasn’t he a person who had just awakened Aura yesterday? Now, he had reached the basics of release?
Of course, In-gong hadn’t completely mastered Internal Strength Aura despite reaching the third step.
The second and third steps were virtually parallel steps. Moreover, In-gong was only at the basics for both stages.
However, even that was abnormal. Despite the racial characteristics of a lycanthrope, a good teacher and abundant talent, even Chris needed a year to reach this stage.
“Amazing.”
Caitlin declared. She stared at In-gong with sparkling eyes and laughed brightly.
“Really amazing!”
‘Kuk, I feel cleansed.’
Her sunny smile stabbed at In-gong’s conscience. In-gong sneaked a peek at Chris. He was so shocked that it was like he lost his soul.
‘Should I feel sorry?’
However, it was a good thing.
In-gong looked back towards Caitlin and a manly smile appeared.
Author's Note: There will be more about Aura later.
Comment 1)
If several people ask a question then I will reply...
Charm is separate from appearance. So, what is it? A person might be attracted to both a person that is handsome and a person that is ordinary but nice. That is a type of charm.
Comment 2)
I will describe it again in the story but...
A number of skill points are required to increase the level of a skill.
In particular, Aura and Telekinesis, which are base skills, require many points.
Comments, recommendations, feedback and appreciation strengthen me!



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 13 - Chapter 2: Alliance #4 
In-gong hadn’t increased Aura just to surprise Chris and Caitlin. 
Right now, Aura had more uses than Telekinesis. 
Aura had the effect of raising his overall physical abilities.  
It wasn’t comparable to natural athletic exercise but it was halfway there.  Even having low experience in the technique was enough to give him an excellent physical performance. 
 It was the same for fighting. Without this technique, a faster and stronger person was likely to win.
‘Telekinesis takes practice. Moreover, it was difficult to exert a threatening power from the beginning.' 
He didn’t want to throw it away but he wouldn’t invest resources in it yet. 
In-gong had been saving the additional stat points and skill points since his first level up. There were two reasons for this. 
Firstly, he didn’t know what ability would be most efficient to invest points in. 
Secondly, there were many requirements if the next level was a high level. Therefore, it would more efficient to gather the points and use them when needed.
It was a common idea for a gamer. 
However, In-gong revised his plan after experiencing a battle. 
Skill points? He would use them. It was more important to survive than to grow at peak efficiency. He needed to grow to live. 
However, he decided to leave some of the additional points. It would be saved for when he found a skill he wanted, like Aura. 
‘Although, I shouldn’t be too choosy.' 
He had some freedom due to Carack and his men. If In-gong had to survive alone, he would have gone with endurance and durability type skills without hesitation. 
"Isn’t this a terrific talent? It is amazing that there hasn’t been any rumours.”
Chris spoke in a voice mixed with admiration and his eyes were shining with a strong curiosity. 
"Sometimes, talent may bloom late.” 
Caitlin said from next to him. In-gong didn’t know why but she had a proud expression. It was like she was thinking, ‘my brother is so good!’ 
'But I am also Chris’ younger brother.’ 
In-gong laughed while gazing at Chris. Chris was overflowing with interest and kept on nodding. 
"A waste. Really a waste. I want to be your teacher.” 
There were a number of responses that could come out when facing something like this but there were two big ones.
One was jealousy while the other was a favourable impression.
They would like to raise him. They would want to make a genius and he wouldn’t be left to rot. 
Fortunately, both Caitlin and Chris seemed to be the latter type. 
‘However, it will be hard.’ 
The relationship between the children of the queens and concubines were fairly complicated. Chris and Caitlin being friendly with In-gong was an entirely different matter from becoming his subordinates. Additionally, this involved teaching him Aura. 
 Many people couldn’t compete with the lycanthropes due to Aura, so this was a sensitive thing to do. 
It was upsetting but In-gong had to give up. However, Chris wasn’t dissuaded. 
“Hey, Shutra.”
Chris said, flinging his arms around In-gong. Then speaking in a low voice like he was telling a secret, 
“Can I teach you? Although it will only be limited to this expedition.” 
Chris, prince of the lycanthropes, would teach him Aura directly. 
Based on In-gong’s position, it was a really welcome offer but In-gong thought about it once again before accepting it. 
'Right now, what should I do?’ 
The children of the Demon King didn’t just fight each other. Of course, there were alliances called factions. 
There were many factors in determining a faction but the biggest part was the relationship between mothers.
Whether the children liked each other or not, the children whose mothers were in a good relationship or alliance belonged to the same faction. On the other hand, no matter how much the children got along, those with mothers who hated each other would always be enemies. It was like Romeo and Juliet. 
Knight Saga began in Year 513 which was one year from now. However, In-gong knew the composition of the factions among the children. 
‘There are only three children without factions.’ 
One was Shutra and the other two were Chris and Caitlin. 
Chris and Caitlin always played with each other. Meanwhile, Shutra was always alone because none of the factions wanted him. 
'If I think of it in another manner, can’t I secure Chris and Caitlin for my faction?’ 
His mother’s family was weak but In-gong had talent. His talent was brimming over. It wasn’t necessarily useless - this was Chris’ judgement of the situation.
It wasn’t bad for In-gong. Right now, he needed powerful allies he could rely on. 
If there was one problem, it was the secret of Caitlin’s birth. 
It was a story that was really cool to talk about. However, it was a big problem - he might get caught up in the children complaining about Chris and Caitlin.  
‘No. I won’t let that happen.’ 
In-gong turned toward Caitlin.
“Noona, what do you think?” 
“It is a good idea.” 
Caitlin nodded with a serious expression.
Chris said with a long face, 
“It is better to learn from me than from Caitlin. When it comes to Aura, I am better in terms of delicate handling. No, just learn from both of us. Caitlin, is that okay?” 
"Yes, it is okay. Noona will teach you well.”
Caitlin responded quickly as she stared straight at In-gong. Her eyes were full of motivation. 
"Thank you, I’ll ask you to look after me well.”
'Okay, then let’s talk about work now.” 
Chris grinned and headed towards the neglected battlefield map on the table.
Chris explained the whole situation in a way that was easy to understand. Thanks to the battlefield map, the movements of General Vandal and the main army were clearly visible. 
"The battlefield is advantageous this time. We are winning. However, if we keep marching this way, we will reach the base of the Red Lightning tribe. There will be a lot of resistance.” 
Perhaps, there would be a big fight. 
“Shutra, can you make a map of the cave?” 
Chris glanced at In-gong with anticipation. Thanks to the cave, Kaichin had been able to be caught. Perhaps, it could be utilized more. Both Caitlin and Chris stared at In-gong.
 In-gong wanted to meet their expectations but his answer could only be ‘no.’ 
‘I have the mini-map!’
He would be able to draw a map if he used the mini-map. 
‘Thinking about it, won’t I be able to draw it?’ 
He could just look at the mini-map. 
“Um, wait a minute. I will draw it now.”
“Huh?”
Chris made a disbelieving sound. Rather than replying, In-gong looked at Caitlin instead. 
“Just a moment. Noona, can I borrow pen and paper?” 
“Uh, wait a minute.”
Caitlin nodded with a little bit of surprise. In-gong smiled and started to draw the mini-map on a large piece of paper. In addition to the cave, In-gong drew what he scouted yesterday. 
At first, Caitlin and Chris just watched without any expectations but their eyes soon changed. The road itself was simple but the map was so detailed. 
Once In-gong finished drawing the map, Chris alternated between looking at the map and In-gong. 
“You, are you really a genius?” 
“It is because the road is simple.” 
In-gong answered bluntly. Rather than announcing the existence of the mini-map, it was better to pretend that he had a good head. 
"Shutra has a good brain.”
Caitlin nodded with admiration. This time, there was a little bit of envy mixed in. 
In-gong just laughed and pointed to the map.
"Anyway...I only explored up to here.” 
The last time, he had just moved forward and hadn’t pay much attention to the mini-map. However, he now noticed a path leading to another place. 
Considering the passage in the mountain and the direction it was taking, it was likely that it would continue close to the Red Lightning tribe’s camp. 
"This cave, I think we should explore it a little more properly.” 
Chris declared and In-gong nodded.
"Kaidum said it was the first time he used it. Kaichin hadn’t known about the passage at all.”
Even within the Red Lightning tribe, not many of them knew about the cave. Maybe Kaidum was the last one. 
Moreover, there was one important fact. 
“They don’t know that we have found the cave.” 
So, they could take advantage of this. They could stab the enemy in the back. 
Chris smiled at In-gong. A lycanthrope’s smile - it was the smile of a hunter.
The Demon King has five queens + several concubines.
Among the five queens, there are nine children born who are vying for the throne of the Demon King.
The concubines act as members of the factions.
-That doesn’t mean there are no opportunities for children of the concubines. The Demon World is an area for the strong.
-I want to mention that the reason the Demon King has so many wives isn’t because he is horny =3=;; but for political reasons. 
See you tomorrow.
Today is a happy day :D



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 14 - Chapter 2: Alliance #5 
After leaving Caitlin’s tent, In-gong walked with Carack and talked with him.
Carack nodded at the rough explanation like it was expected.
"Well, then it is another reconnaissance mission.”
"It is a little bit rushed but it will begin today. It should be kept secret from others.”
It was decided that the cave would be kept a secret from Caitlin and Chris’ troops. It was unlikely that the orcs, especially the Red Lightning tribe, would actively engage in espionage activities but there was still a chance.
The faster the passage in the cave was explored, the better it would be. Depending on where the passage in the cave connected to, the whole operation might change in the future.
Carack didn’t ask why and only nodded.
“Ah, I did some work while Prince was inside. I have recruited some troops today.”
"Recruited troops?”
Carack laughed at In-gong’s question.
"We received a lot of damage.”
The fight against Kaichin was a melee. It had been a one-sided fight until Carack killed Kaichin, so there were those who were seriously injured and died.
In-gong swallowed his saliva. It wasn’t because the damage was greater than he thought. Even if he was concerned with Aura, it was surprising that he hadn’t considered the deaths of the orcs until now.
‘Yes, a person is dead. People. It isn’t a game.’
In a game, the lives of the soldiers were just numbers. If he had enough resources, he could increase or decrease the numbers.
However, this wasn’t a game and each of them had their own lives.
After a moment, In-gong took a deep breath. It was unreasonable to pamper each soldier but he shouldn’t think of them casually like he had done previously. If he only thought of people as numbers, then he would be disqualified as a human.
In-gong controlled his heart and looked toward Carack again. Carack’s eyes were asking, ‘what are you thinking about this time?’
In-gong just shrugged.
“So, are the recruits coming?”
"Rather than that... Didn’t we used to have 30 troops? This has been increased to 50 people. It will take time for them to reach our base, so the numbers will be supplemented from Prince Chris’ camp.”
“Ohh?”
The troops had almost been doubled?
"It is due to Prince’s merits.”
Carack said pleasantly. In fact, In-gong was quite familiar with this situation.
Achievements would be rewarded. That was the basic formula of Knight Saga.
In-gong had distinguished himself by killing Kaichin and Kaidum as well as finding the cave. It was natural for rewards to be received.
‘In the first place, Shutra only received 30 orcs because he had no merits in the past.’
Despite all of them being children of the Demon King, Chris and Caitlin received two times more orcs than Shutra and even had their lycanthropes.
The reason was simple.
Chris and Caitlin had distinguished themselves as children of the Demon King.
'Well, I will build up my merits from now on.’
It was the power of infinite positivity and he would make it so.
In-gong formed a tight fist to express his resolve and asked Carack.
"Then did Carack receive anything separate?”
Although it was In-gong’s merit, Carack was technically the one who killed Kaichin. Carack laughed and tapped on his chest at In-gong’s question.
"I got a reward. And I received it from Prince.”
Carack proudly lifted the dwarf axe that In-gong gave him.
“I’m glad you like it.”
'I still have the items I packed for later. Should I bring out an armour?’
He had decided to carry on with Carack, so he should invest in him. It would be better for In-gong if Carack became stronger.
After having a chat with Carack and returning to the base, In-gong headed toward the cave with his newly joined forces.
&
The road to the cave was smooth. In the first place, it was close to Shutra’s base. It was also under Chris and Caitlin’s sphere of influence, thanks to Kaichin’s defeat.
‘A prince normally rides separately on a horse.’
Just like last time, In-gong walked next to Carack. Usually in games and movies, soldiers walked while nobility were on horseback.
‘That reminds me of something. Chris and Caitlin also seem to be walking around. Is it because they are lycanthropes?’
He used to ride on horses when playing Zephyr. It wasn’t an ordinary horse but a phantom steed that could fly in the sky.
‘I will use it later.’
In-gong, who had been thinking about the past (?), suddenly stopped walking. There were two people in black robes standing in the middle of the road.
“Caitlin noona?”
"Shush.”
Caitlin raised a finger to her lips and gestured for In-gong to come closer. In-gong approached Caitlin while Carack stayed behind. He saw that the other person standing there was Caitlin’s aide, Seira, who he had already met at the meeting.
In-gong nodded in response to Seira’s greeting bow and asked Caitlin.
“What is happening all of a sudden? Why are you wearing robes?”
Normally, she wore a blue cloak but at present, she was completely covered by a robe. Caitlin spoke in a low voice.
"I will secretly follow you on this reconnaissance mission. It is in case something serious happens.”
He could understand what was going on but he didn’t know why she was joining in secret. In-gong scratched his head and asked,
“Uh... so, you joined unofficially?”
Although she joined In-gong’s reconnaissance mission, it was a secret to the outside world. In other words, she wasn’t here.
Caitlin nodded.
"Yes. I will only move if it becomes really dangerous. This is because they should be Shutra’s merits.”
In-gong now approximately understood the situation.
They still didn’t know how much the Red Lightning tribe knew about the cave. So, Caitlin was accompanying him in case there was danger.
However, if Caitlin was involved, the merits of the reconnaissance mission might become hers. So, she joined unofficially.
‘It is true that it is a burden - I am a victim of results-focused education.’
It was reasonable to say that treatment was different depending on merits but it was a huge burden for young children.
‘Then that means she wants to give me a push?’
It could be interpreted in several different ways.
One, she wanted to make Shutra more useful by increasing his merits. Two, she wanted to make sure that she became friendlier with Shutra.
‘Chris may not know that Caitlin is doing this.’
It was clear that she came to help with a pure heart.
‘What type of star was I born under? No, not all children in this world are plotting.’
In-gong nodded as he was convinced and smiled brightly at Caitlin.
“I understand. Thank you, Noona.”
“Yes.”
Caitlin responded by pulling down her hood and moved to the front of the unit with Seira. Unlike Caitlin, Seira seemed a little bit dissatisfied with the present situation.
‘She should be.’
It was a situation where her master had come to serve another prince for free. It wasn’t something she would do for Chris.
Once In-gong returned to his position, Carack asked him.
“Is it okay for Princess to join?”
"Uh, just don’t think about it and proceed with the operation normally."
Caitlin followed so quietly that Carack no longer looked back.
How much time passed?
In-gong found that other pathway inside the cave that he had described to Chris and Caitlin.
The only difference with the passage was that it led in a different direction. In-gong searched various empty rooms in the passage and frowned as he looked at the mini-map.
"All the rooms are empty.”
He was expected an arsenal covered in dust but there were no treasures in the room.
However, Carack didn’t seem surprised as he explained.
“Wouldn’t people take their valuables when moving? The dwarves would have taken all of it when they migrated.”
"Then what about the weapons yesterday?”
“I guess they weren’t that valuable.”
This was perfect logic. In-gong was speechless as he stared at Carack.
‘This guy, is he a genius among orcs?’
He felt strange but it was good for In-gong if his subordinate was competent. In-gong was convinced of this and looked behind him. Caitlin was almost invisible in the cave due to the dark robe she was wearing.
‘Next time, should I ask her to beat me with magic?’
It was a sudden thought but when thinking about Caitlin and Aura, he was suddenly reminded of magic and divine power.
‘Will she call me a pervert again if I ask her to help me with magic the same way she did Aura?’
In-gong laughed bitterly as he was reminded of Caitlin’s reaction, then he tilted his head.
‘What will happen if I’m hit by magic? Would it awaken? Will I be able to learn magic at all?’
He wanted to experiment. After returning from the reconnaissance mission, he would ask Caitlin to hit him with whatever magic she had.
‘Kuhuhu! Magic, magic.’
In-gong had a lively smile at the thought of being hit by Caitlin. Then In-gong looked up with a frown and Carack had the same reaction.
“Prince.”
Carack raised his axe and said in a low voice. In-gong nodded. The mini-map was showing red dots that meant enemies.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 15 - Chapter 2: Alliance #6 
In-gong’s party’s was currently located at a place where two passages joined to create a space. He had seen it a few times and it was often a type of living space or room.
The ceiling was high and the space was wide enough to accommodate all 50 orcs.
The monsters seemed to pour out of the passages connected to the room and the mini-map quickly became red.
While everyone was pulling out their weapons, In-gong, who was looking around, suddenly shouted loudly.
“Rock spiders! Close your eyes!”
At In-gong’s shout, Carack and most of the orcs covered their eyes. Some of them couldn’t react because it was so sudden but he couldn’t wait. Instead of shouting again, In-gong closed his eyes tightly and threw something.
There was the sound of glass breaking as light filled the room. In-gong immediately opened his eyes and screamed,
"Open your eyes and attack! Be careful of their paralysis poison!”
He frowned due to the glare but was able to see in front of him. There were grey spiders the size of humans all over the place.
Rock spiders. They were monsters that often appeared in places like dungeons and caves. Dozens of them always gathered at once and they had a strong paralysis poison, so it was hard to fight them.
However, that only applied when it was a frontal attack. They had a fatal weakness and it was light. They lived in the darkness, so if they were exposed to light, they couldn’t move or would faint.
‘It is worth preparing this!’
He hadn’t encountered any monsters in the last cave reconnaissance but he had prepared supplies for fighting in caves just in case.
‘It is better to get things when you can!’
Of course, there were no such items containing flash magic in Shutra’s base. Everything he prepared was what Chris had received. There had been no guarantee he would meet any monsters in the cave but after the rock spiders came out, he was glad he’d prepared things.
‘Rock spiders hunt in groups and a group must always have a boss!’
He was sure of it because that was always the case in a game!
‘Boss, let’s find the boss!’
The rock spider boss was two to three times the size of an ordinary rock spider. In-gong confirmed the presence of the largest dot in the passage on the mini-map. Indeed, there was a fairly large red dot among the small ones.
“Carack! Follow me! The boss!”
Instead of pulling out a sword, he picked up a torch the orcs had dropped nearby. The biggest weakness of the rock spider was light and the next one was fire.
“I understand!”
Carack cried out loudly. He did the opposite of In-gong’s order and ran in front of In-gong instead of behind. The ends justified the means if it allowed them to find the boss.
Carack wielded his large axe at the rock spiders. In-gong ran along Carack’s path and took out something again.
"One more time! Close your eyes!”
He wanted to place the rock spider boss in a stunned state. Rather than gazing at the big, wriggling legs, In-gong closed his eyes and threw a bottle that had a flash effect.
The light seemed more intense to In-gong because it exploded in a narrow passage. Of course, In-gong couldn’t see with his eyes closed.
In-gong counted up to three before happily opening his eyes.
‘It is more like a king crab than a spider.’
The rock spider, that was much bigger than a human, was stunned and had its stomach exposed. Without even needing a command from In-gong, Carack rushed forward and swung his axe.
Kakang!
Once the axe collided with the stomach, it sounded like metal being hit. Carack was confused by the hard shell that was beyond imagination. However, In-gong lifted his torch.
“Carack! It is weak to fire!”
However, the torch broke once the rock spider boss was hit with it. What was this? Carack’s axe bounced off the shell? The torch broke when it was hit?
‘Should I try Aura?’
When he thought about it, he had to try it. In-gong concentrated and activated Aura. It was at that moment.
“Shutra! Your sword!”
Caitlin’s voice was heard from the rear. Whether it was magic or Caitlin’s voice, In-gong quickly jumped back and pulled the sword hanging from his waist.
“Burning Blade!”
Sparks flew as Caitlin shouted. It was clearly magic that gave a fire attribute.
“Ohhh?”
Magic, magic!
'Then can I learn Burning Blade?’
In-gong imagined the scene of Caitlin aiming a knife of fire at him and quickly shook his head.
‘I can’t be hit with a fire sword!’
In-gong stabbed the stomach of the rock spider boss with the sword. In-gong was sweating as he demonstrated the strength of Aura Lv3. The shell was weakened by Carack’s axe and the sparks, so In-gong’s sword dug into the rock spider boss’ stomach.
“Oratsshya!”
In-gong moved his sword and disembowelled it. As Carack’s axe struck its bared body, the legs of the rock spider boss twitched.
‘Wah! Awesome!’
In-gong swung his sword vigorously and struck the head of the rock spider boss with his sword.
“Keek!”
The movements of the rock spider boss’ legs became more bizarre and disturbing. Carack grabbed the legs while In-gong pulled out the sword lodged in its head.
“Shutra! A little bit more!”
Caitlin ran to his side and cheered him on instead of attacking the rock spider boss. It seemed like she intended to let In-gong catch it by himself.
“Yes! Noona!”
Having someone cheer him on from the sidelines gave him more strength. He swung his sword again at the rock spider boss’ head.
There were no screams this time. The wriggling legs stopped moving.
It was a sight that convinced In-gong the boss was dead.
[Your level has risen.]
Even though Carack had helped him, In-gong’s strikes were the most significant. Moreover, the rock spiders weren’t monsters that he could catch, originally. It was natural to receive a lot of experience.
‘Ohh, level nine!’
In-gong was delighted and tried to check his status window and skill window. However, Caitlin was a little bit faster.
“Shutra? Are you okay?”
Both worry and surprise could be seen on her face. In-gong understood why after a moment. It was due to the light generated from his level up.
“Ah, yes. I’m okay. That- the light is similar to a blessing. It sometimes happens. Isn’t that right, Carack?”
"Yes. I’ve seen it a few times.”
Carack agreed with his words but it was still a problem. What was the blessing? Why did these lights occur and what were the effects? There weren’t just one or two things that he had to deal with.
Thankfully, Caitlin said one word that resolved everything.
“Gandharva?”
“Yes, gandharva.”
In fact, gandharva didn’t have this characteristic but he used it as an excuse. Among the many species, gandharva was a minority. And In-gong- no, Shutra was a mix of sura and gandharva. It was a result of that.
“Thank you for the magic assistance. It was great.”
Her assistance was really helpful and timely. Caitlin shook her head with a bright expression.
"It is thanks to Shutra. I just used the magic that Shutra said.”
“Huh? Haven’t you fought rock spiders before?”
"Today is the first time.”
'Huh, then did she give me the magic because she heard me shouting at Carack?’
Although it was somewhat obvious, he couldn’t help but feel admiration for the actions.
"Have you fought these guys before? To be honest, I was a little surprised.”
Caitlin repeated the question at In-gong.
“Eh... I just read about it before in a book.”
He had only fought against them in the game but he did read about it in a book. He saw them for the first time in an Internet strategy guide. When looking at it broadly, it was correct that he’d read it in a book.
“Noona, let’s talk about this later. I need to sort out my troops.”
“Yes.”
Caitlin nodded and placed the hood back over her head. The flames disappeared from his sword and In-gong headed back to the main party with Carack.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 16 - Chapter 2: Alliance #7 
The orcs rested around the perimetre while In-gong, Caitlin, Carack and Seira gathered in a circle in the middle.
"It might be too early to judge but the Red Lightning tribe doesn’t seem to be using this passage.”
After hearing Carack’s words, In-gong asked,
"Is it because a lot of monsters came out?”
“Yes, if they use it, there wouldn’t be many rock spiders.
The rock spiders had poured out from every direction in the cave. Orcs weren’t small worms, so it was hard to imagine the rock spiders leaving them alone.
‘By the way, is Carack really a genius among the orcs?’
In-gong stared at Carack with admiration while Seira, who had been watching quietly, spoke up.
“Isn’t it possible that the Red Lightning tribe are controlling the monsters? That is a possibility, so we should stay on guard.”
Seira displayed caution despite how young she looked and sounded.
In-gong was confused because he hadn’t thought about that, so he asked Carack.
"Carack, is there anyone who has that ability in the Red Lightning tribe?”
Was there an occupation with the ability to control monsters?
Carack immediately responded to In-gong’s question like there was no need to think.
"How can I know that?”
It was reasonable that Carack wouldn’t know about the enemy.
In-gong stared at Carack with a sour expression before shifting his gaze to Seira. However, Caitlin was the one who spoke instead of Seira.
"The possibility is low. If they had such abilities, they would be controlling the monsters in the battlefield, instead of the cave. Isn’t that right, Seira?”
"Yes, Caitlin."
Based on her reply, it seemed like she had already thought that way.
'No, then why did she ask me about it? A quarrel? Or is it to keep me in check? She wants to keep me in check?’
However, it gave him a chance to review a possibility he hadn’t thought about before. In-gong calmed down his excitement and said to everyone,
"Well, okay. Then let’s check this location for a while. Carack, give me the bag.”
"Understood.”
Carack handed him a small bag tied to his back. In-gong placed his hand in the bag, activated his inventory and pulled out blank paper, a map and writing instruments.
‘It is too complicated to explain the inventory to Caitlin.’
He might explain it someday but not right now.
“Huh? Those things were inside the bag?”
"Yes, that’s right.”
In-gong lied and spread out the map while Carack stayed silent. It was a large map showing the mountain and swamp where the cave was located.
‘The scale of this map and the mini-map...’
When he focused, the cave couldn’t be seen with the naked eye. In-gong drew the mountain on a blank piece of paper. It didn’t take a long time because the map was laid out next to it.
Caitlin watched In-gong and asked.
"Are you trying to draw the map?”
“Yes, if I draw a map of the cave and the mountain then we can tell where our current location is.”
Caitlin nodded at In-gong’s words but Seira and Carack made a strange sound.
"Prince, haven’t you walked with me so far?”
"Yes, that’s right.”
Carack watched as In-gong drew lines slowly. It was a lot easier than the last time he drew a map in front of Caitlin and Chris due to the ‘Map Reading’ skill.
At first, Seira stared blankly but then her eyes gradually turned to disbelief. She thought he was just drawing the map roughly but it was too accurate.
"Did you remember the path all the way up to here? No, how is this possible even if you memorize it...?”
It wasn’t simply memorizing. That fact that the passage coincided with the shape of the mountain meant that he knew the exact direction and length of the passage.
Was this possible for a person? Did he had a compass in his head?
“I told you that Shutra is amazing.”
Caitlin spoke on In-gong’s behalf, boasting proudly in an odd tone.
In-gong laughed because it was quite cute, then went back to focusing on drawing the map again. Then after approximately five minutes? In-gong had completed the map up to their present location and put down the writing instrument.
"We’ve come approximately half-way.”
In-gong had moved near to the centre of the mountain. No matter what direction they travelled, they would have to move the same distance in order to leave.
"Seira, is this the place where the Red Lightning tribe is supposed to be?”
"Yes, Princess."
Caitlin picked up a stone and placed it on the map.
"The passage will open near that area.”
If there was an exit behind the base of the Red Lightning tribe, they could plan an operation to strike. Some troops would lure the Red Lightning tribe while the ones moving through the cave would occupy the base.
"Uhh, but won’t it take a long time to move through the passage? We can only pack enough for a day.”
Carack asked with an anxious face. The shape of the passage in the cave changed quite often.
Despite moving for a long time, they had only reached the middle of the passage in the cave. However, there were five passages connected to this area. It was unknown how many days it would take to go through this cave.
"Well, once Caitlin noona finds the passage linked with the cave, we can return. So, there is no need to worry.”
“Ah, is that so? Then should we go through this passage?”
Carack pointed to one of the passages on In-gong’s map. It was the passage with the shortest line towards the base of the Red Lightning tribe.
“Yes, we will most likely have to go through a swamp.”
As expected, Carack was smart.
In-gong nodded then pretended to place the map in the bag while storing it in his inventory and spoke to Caitlin.
"Then Noona, we should depart. We can rest somewhere else.”
The rock spider corpses didn’t smell strangely but he couldn’t ignore the possibility of other monsters coming.
"Yes, I’ll be in the rear like before.”
Caitlin nodded, wore the hood again and moved with Seira.
"We are leaving. Set off.”
“Understood.”
Carack ordered the orcs in a loud voice. It didn’t take a long time for them to depart.
&
Fortunately, the passage they took had a simple structure. In-gong stretched out a hand and touched the air as he walked with Carack.
‘If I use it a lot, the skills will increase.’
There were generally two methods to increase skill levels in Knight Saga.
One, investing skill points to instantly raise the level.
Two, just use it often and the skill level would naturally increase.
It was obvious but the second option took longer than expected. There weren’t enough skill points.
‘There is a third method that isn’t common.’
It didn’t involve the amount of experience or skill points. There was nothing certain about it. If he experienced a certain event or reached a certain level, the level would automatically rise.
As In-gong walked, he classified skills into four categories.
One, important skills that were worth investing skill points in. Aura and Telekinesis belonged here.
Two, there were those he would use in order to naturally increase the level. Skills like Map Reading that weren’t worth investing skill points in belonged here.
Three, there were the skills that In-gong couldn’t increase. Skills related to the Conquest Knight, such as Below the King’s Flag and the mysterious Protagonist Correction, belonged here.
Of course, there were four categories. The last one contained things like Basic Swordsmanship.
‘Uhh, should I invest the points earned this time into Aura again?’
Or Telekinesis?
‘I would like to learn swordsmanship and martial arts.’
Although he didn’t want to invest skill points into Basic Swordsmanship, the story was different when it came to powerful martial arts.
Zephyr’s sword technique, Heavenly King Sword, sounded strong just by hearing the name. There was also Locke’s Warrior’s Sword.
The names of several martial arts techniques flashed through his mind.
‘What should I pick up?’
In fact, there were many hidden techniques in Knight Saga. They could be attained by clearing special events, defeating powerful monsters or by purchasing them from a treasure trader.
'Okay, I will focus on the things I can do.’
In-gong organized his thoughts and activated Aura. He thought about investing skill points but there was no time to do that.
“Prince.”
As soon as he activated Aura, Carack called out to him. In-gong deactivated Aura with a little bit of distress and looked around for Carack.
“What?”
"There is something over here.”
Carack pointed to a small room off the passage where the interior could be seen because there was no door.
In-gong stopped the troops and entered the room with Carack. It was a square-shaped room, approximately seven metres on each side.
There was nothing special on the ceiling or walls but the floor was different. There were complex patterns engraved inside a large circle.
“Town Portal?”
“Huh? You know what it is?”
Carack asked after In-gong muttered reflexively. In-gong responded moderately with a lowered posture.
“No, I just guessed.”
He wasn’t sure. No matter how he looked, it was similar to the magic circles that were town portals in the game.
‘It must be a dwarf version.’
He never saw them as Zephyr but he had seen it a few times when playing as Locke.
‘Will it work if magic power is injected?’
He looked around and found a crystal ball in the middle of the circle where someone could insert magic power.
“What’s going on?”
It was Caitlin and Seira. In-gong replied,
"That. It seems like a town portal. Doesn’t it, Noona?”
Caitlin seemed confused by In-gong’s question.
“Seira?”
“It is highly likely.”
"Indeed."
Her cheeks turned slightly red. In-gong looked around the magic circle and asked,
"Where does it go?”
“It looks like a dwarf circle... It should go near here.”
While Seira was replying, Carack called out to In-gong from one side of the room.
"Prince, letters... There are pictures that look like letters.”
In-gong went over and saw letters that weren’t commonly used in the Demon World. Caitlin spoke from next to In-gong and Carack.
“They are dwarf characters.”
“Ohh, as expected of Princess. Can you read dwarf characters?”
Carack asked with great admiration. In-gong also watched Caitlin with anticipation in his eyes.
Caitlin frowned and spoke in a timid voice,
“Uh...Seira?”
She couldn’t read it. In-gong suppressed his urge to smile and glanced at Seira but Seira also looked confused.
“Uh... Well... They are dwarf characters.”
“Who doesn't know that? Princess just said it.”
Carack stared at Seira like she was ridiculous. Seira just looked elsewhere and didn’t reply.
‘Well, it can’t be helped.’
The dwarves had left hundreds of years ago. It was amazing that Caitlin and Seira even recognized that they were dwarf characters.
"Carack, it is natural. I mean this is... Jishuka Mountain’s Portal Two. It is connected with Portal Three. Eh?”
In-gong spoke unwittingly and Carack, Caitlin and Seira stared at him.
At the time, In-gong heard a clear voice in his head.
[Dwarf Characters Lv1 has been learnt.]



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 17 - Chapter 2 : Alliance #8
He didn’t know it at first. Just like Carack, he had thought of them as pictures.
However, when he tried to read the characters, he could.
'What the, what is this? I can learn characters and languages like this?’
Of course, it was only level one, so it was likely he couldn’t interpret complex documents. However, just having the ability to decipher text by looking at it was really enormous.
'Doesn’t that mean I don’t need to worry about foreign languages now? Isn’t that right?’
He had the ability to learn what he saw! Then he wouldn’t have to go through a lot of difficulty!
While In-gong was busy screaming inwardly, Carack, Caitlin and Seira were staring at him blankly.
Carack spoke first,
“Uh...Prince. Can you read this?”
Why would he say that he couldn’t read it when they already heard him?
Anyhow, In-gong returned to reality thanks to Carack and nodded.
“Uh, yes. Just a little bit.”
“Amazing.”
Caitlin - her golden eyes shone like a morning star.
Moreover, it wasn’t just Caitlin.
"I am impressed by Prince Shutra’s broad knowledge."
Seira was also clearly impressed.
'What the? Is it that rare for someone to know dwarf characters?’
The dwarves still lived, so it wasn’t an ancient language.
‘I just need to say that I took a book and taught myself.’
Carack switched the topic while In-gong was thinking.
"Then Prince, what does this say?”
Caitlin and Seira’s eyes turned back to the writing. Thanks to Carack, their somewhat uncomfortable gazes shifted from In-gong to the characters.
“Wait a minute.”
It was only level one, so his reading comprehension wasn’t that fast. There were some words that had cryptic meanings.
'Is this explaining how to use it?’
In-gong read it three times before pointing to a character that had a metal plate protruding from below it.
"Noona, can you insert a little bit of magic power here? My magic power is clumsy.”
He didn’t know how to use it at all. However, he couldn’t ask her to hit him with magic power at this time.
“Understood.”
Caitlin nodded and inserted magic power into the metal plate. A blue light then shone between the engraved characters and a 3D hologram consisting of blue lines appeared in front of In-gong.
“Jishuka Mountain Range.”
Like Carack said, it was a 3D hologram with a bird’s eye view of the Jishuka Mountains. In-gong read the letters that appeared with the bird’s eye view and pointed to different areas.
“We are here. The Portal Three is over here.”
Portal Three was in another mountain but there was something strange about the response. Seira’s face turned excited.
"Does that mean there is a dwarf cave there?”
“Uh, why?”
In-gong was surprised by Seira’s words and Carack who was familiar with In-gong quickly said,
"Prince, in front of that mountain is the Red Lightning tribe’s main force. This mountain is right behind them!”
In-gong was able to understand now. Seira asked again,
"Prince, is this still working despite being degraded?”
“Perhaps?”
In-gong looked at the letters that came up near the bird’s eye view. The letters showed that the portal was lacking magic power but no other problems.
Only magic power was required to operate the portal. It meant the passage to the rear of the Red Lightning tribe could be used.
"Princess."
Seira called out to Caitlin. Her voice and eyes were mixed with various emotions.
Caitlin sent Seira a stern look and shook her head slowly. She then placed her hand on In-gong’s shoulders and declared,
"Shutra, this is your merit. I’m not officially here.”
Seira sighed but Caitlin never looked back.
In-gong was able to guess the reason why she was sad.
The strategic value of the dwarf portal was very significant. It was evident that a huge reward would be given to the first discoverer.
However, Caitlin had declared she wasn’t here and kept her promise.
"Noona, just...”
"It is your merit. You would have reached here even if I wasn’t present. You also figured out its usage. I don’t want to be a liar. Don’t you remember what I said in the first place?”
It wasn’t just a courtesy. Caitlin had truly come along to protect him.
In-gong nodded eventually.
“I understand, Noona. Thank you.”
Caitlin laughed and covered herself with the hood again. Seira had a severe frown on her face but followed her master’s actions.
“Shutra, let’s return to Chris oppa once we have confirmed that the portal is working. A more serious investigation into this cave is needed.”
They had to inform that main army of the existence of the portal and secure it as soon as possible. In-gong already had a lot of merits, so there was no big difference if Chris and Caitlin’s troops were committed to protecting it.
"Okay, then please do it again here.”
In-gong pointed to the crystal ball in the centre of the magic circle.
Caitlin nodded and touched the crystal ball, immediately inserting magic power.
&
It was already late at night when In-gong returned to the base. In spite of that fact, In-gong and Caitlin immediately headed to Chris’ tent.
"Oppa will be really surprised.”
Those were the only words Caitlin said and they made Chris shift his gaze to In-gong.
"Hey, what is it?”
"I’ll explain it.”
In-gong coughed and spread his map of the cave on the desk. Although it was unfinished and only drawn to the middle, Chris immediately found the value of the map.
"We can hit Kairam from behind.”
Kairam was Kaichin’s brother and the leader of the Red Lightning army currently confronting Chris.
Chris looked at Caitlin with surprise. Caitlin slowly smiled and shook her head.
“What? Is there something else?”
"There is.”
Caitlin remained silent again. This time, Chris looked at In-gong and In-gong explained everything that happened in the cave.
Chris was surprised by the talk about the portal.
He was confused about the part where In-gong could read dwarf characters and became expressionless after hearing that the portal was connected to the back of the Red Lightning tribe.
“Uh, Oppa?”
Caitlin asked cautiously as Chris’ reaction was different from what she had expected. Chris just stared at In-gong.
“You, what is your identity?”
“Eh?”
This time, In-gong was the one who panicked. Did he realize something strange about Shutra?
While In-gong was licking his lips and wondering about what to say, Chris suddenly burst into laughter. He spread his arms wide and embraced In-gong.
"Wow, this is a blessing! A blessing!”
It was like finding a vein of gold.
Caitlin sighed with relief after seeing Chris’ excitement and In-gong was the same.
"Okay, okay. The dwarves did something this cute in the Jishuka Mountains? We will use it a lot.”
It wasn’t just this battle. The use of these passages and portals could completely change the value of the Jishuka Mountains.
‘He is different from Caitlin.’
It wasn’t simply because he was two years older.
Chris was real royalty. He was an ambitious person and thought about more than what was in front of him. He had faced Chris and Caitlin when playing Zephyr but their natures were different. Caitlin was a powerful warrior and Chris was the king of the lycanthropes.
In-gong realized that Chris wasn’t as pure as Caitlin. His eyes saw In-gong’s value.
"Shutra, what do you want?”
"What do I want?”
"Yes, your wish. You will be rewarded by the Demon King’s Palace for your merits but I also want to give you a prize as your brother and captain.”
Chris, Caitlin and In-gong were children of the Demon King but Chris was the one in charge of the troops. It wasn’t strange for Chris to say that he would give a reward.
‘But...’
In-gong took a deep breath. In-gong might be mistaken but Chris was probably trying to grab hold of In-gong right now. It was different from when Chris said that he would teach Aura.
‘Come into my faction. Join me.’
Depending on what In-gong asked, his relationship with Chris might change.
“Is it okay even if it is a little unreasonable?”
In-gong’s words were somewhat provocative but Chris just smiled.
“Ho? A little unreasonable? What are you asking for?”
He could ask for a competent subordinate or he could ask for an item that couldn’t be handled by the current Shutra.
However, In-gong chose something completely different.
"Teach me Divine Beast Authority.”
“Shutra?”
Caitlin was shocked.
It was receiving. It was a powerful technique passed down through the royal family of the lycanthropes.
Even among the lycanthropes, only the royal family and the people closest to them could learn it. Therefore, it was a very symbolic technique.
How could they teach such a technique to In-gong?
‘Anyway, I have to go forward with Chris and Caitlin.’
There were three major factions in the Demon King’s Palace.
First Prince Baikal Ragnaros’ faction, Second Prince Zephyr Ragnaros’ faction and Fourth Princess Anastasia Nekrion’s faction.
Of course, he couldn’t enter Zephyr’s faction. Baikal’s faction was impossible because the gandharva were enemies with his mother’s family. The only possible one was Anastasia’s faction but it wasn’t an exaggeration to say that she was a woman as bad as Zephyr.
'I'd rather create my own faction.’
In that sense, Chris and Caitlin were quite decent selections.
Caitlin’s birth secret could be called their biggest weakness. It would be good if he could somehow control that part.
Furthermore, today, Caitlin’s attitude in the dwarf cave had moved In-gong’s heart. Caitlin was a reliable person.
It wasn’t only because of the symbolism that In-gong chose Divine Beast Authority.
‘I can get subordinates later. Weapons are too good for my current level and ability.’
However, techniques were different. Moreover, Divine Beast Authority was a S ranked martial arts technique.
Inside Knight Saga, SS ranked martial arts and sword techniques were undisputedly recognized. S ranked techniques were virtually top class and Zephyr’s Heavenly King Sword was in this category.
That alone gave it value.
Chris stared at In-gong seriously before laughing. He shrugged slightly and said,
"Divine Beast Authority. Yes, it isn’t too bad. Up to a certain level, it is easy to disguise it as Beast Authority."
Beast Authority - it was a martial arts technique that lycanthropes learnt if they entered the army.
In-gong knew what it meant to be taught the Divine Beast Authority. From the outset, it was something that he had never learnt.
“As of now... I can’t teach past the vision section. Is that still okay?”
“It is okay.”
He could find clues to learn it later. Even if he didn’t know, he could learn it by increasing the skill level. The important thing was to learn Divine Beast Authority Lv1.
“Okay, this is interesting. Interesting. Just like Aura, Caitlin and I will teach you.”
Chris glanced towards Caitlin while speaking and she nodded with a somewhat ambiguous expression. It seemed like she was somewhat confused.
“Shutra.”
Chris reached out like he wanted to shake hands with In-gong. There was a mischievous smile on his face but his eyes contained a different light.
"In addition to Caitlin, can I also think about you as my younger sibling?”
The words were quite meaningful.
In-gong breathed out once and grabbed Chris’ hand. He shook it lightly.
“Of course.”
Then a clear voice rang in his head.
[An alliance with Chris Moonlight/Caitlin Moonlight has been formed.]
[Alliance Status: An ordinary alliance.]
In-gong grinned as he grabbed the hands in front of him.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 18 - Chapter 3: Rescue
[Name: Shutra Ignus]
[Age: 14]
[Species: Gandharva]
[Occupation: Protagonist]
[Secondary Occupation: Conquest Knight Lv1]
[Uniqueness: Prince/ Conquest Knight]
[Level: 9]
Strength: 21
Intelligence: 21
Agility: 21
Talent: 21
Persistence: 21
Durability: 21
Mental Power: 21
Magic Power: 21
Charm: 17
Extra Points: 14
“Hrmm.”
In-gong nodded slowly as he observed the status window floating in the air. There was only one stat that stood out just based on the difference in numbers.
‘Charm.’
In Knight Saga, Charm had been different from appearance. Appearance meant the extent in which a person was called handsome or pretty, while Charm meant how much a person liked the character.
It could refer to someone who gave off a good feeling for no reason, a person who looked strangely handsome despite being ordinary or a person who was beautiful but poisonous.
In contrast, there were the handsome or pretty people who repulsed anyone who came near them.
Shutra’s appearance was seven out of ten points, so he was really handsome. Moreover, now that his Charm was higher than Villager A, there was no damage to his good looks.
The thing In-gong focused on was that his Charm was lower than the other stats.
‘The extent to which my stats have risen has changed.’
At first, every level up caused his stats to rise by two. However, now Charm only rose by one.
'Of course, the reason is obvious.’
Characters in Knight Saga grew individually. At first, a character wouldn’t rise well in the early stages. However, they would start showing peculiar abilities once their levels got higher. Genius characters such as Locke and Zephyr showed good growth from beginning to end.
Even so, all of his stats rose by two except for Charm, so his overall growth rate was better than Locke and Zephyr. There were also his additional points.
'As expected of a protagonist.’
In-gong mumbled and grinned as he checked the skills window.
He hadn’t distributed the skill points gained from reaching level nine, so there weren’t many changes.
'Kuhuhuh, this is the result of my hard work.’
He returned to his tent after forming an alliance with Caitlin and Chris but he didn’t go to sleep straight away. He spent three hours gaining experience.
He wrote dwarf characters on a blank piece of paper while practicing Telekinesis with his other hand.
Additionally, he memorized vocabulary. He didn’t just memorize the dwarf characters but fit the dwarf characters to his favourite song lyrics.
His skill level improved considerably due to the translations and repetitive writing. However, the level was still low. If he repeated it for six more hours, it could reach level two.
Telekinesis training was simpler. He practiced moving small things he placed on his desk. Telekinesis shook the object instead of moving it because it was still too weak but at least it worked.
'Yes, I should make Telekinesis reach level two through hard work. A lot of hard work is required to become an all-rounder. It won’t always be good.’
However, he still wanted to learn magic. Recovery magic was indispensable, so he couldn’t forget about it.
‘It is better than nothing, even if I only learn it to Lv1.’
After having these thoughts, In-gong looked at the skills that had no change.
Conquest, Below the King’s Flag and Protagonist Correction.
They were still Lv1, so the proficiency hadn’t changed but In-gong didn’t mind. He hadn’t experimented with them yet.
‘I am anticipating level 10.’
Apart from skill points distribution and hard work with general skills, there was one other way for skill levels to increase.
In most cases, the skill level rose automatically when the character level reached a certain number.
Level 10 - wasn’t it always a meaningful level?
It had been the same for Knight Saga. When Zephyr and Locke reached level 10, their unique skills ‘Descendant of Darkness’ and ‘Chosen’ rose by one level.
“Either Conquest or Protagonist Correction will rise in level. I’ll bet on it. I will. Isn’t that right?”
In-gong muttered and closed the status window. He wanted to go hunting to level up straight away but he had a lot of work to do today and tomorrow.
"Prince, I am coming in.”
He heard Carack’s voice from where he was waiting outside the tent.
"Come in."
It was early in the morning but Carack was fully armed. He held a round shield that he didn’t usually have and asked In-gong,
“What are you doing?”
"Just training my body. Are we leaving now?”
"Prince understands, so you need to move quickly. This time, Prince Chris will accompany us.
The operation was to quickly secure and confirm information. They had to check if the dwarf portal really worked and to secure the rear of the Red Lightning tribe as quickly as possible.
If all the work was done today, they could attack tomorrow or the day after.
“Okay, let's go."
Despite it being early in the morning, In-gong responded with delight and left the tent.
&
Caitlin’s base was quite busy. Chris and Caitlin greeted In-gong at the entrance to the base, with Caitlin’s lycanthrope warriors lined up behind them.
“Shutra.”
Caitlin welcomed In-gong with pleasure. The two people felt strangely more intimate due to the creation of the alliance last night.
It would be nice if I could see their favorability toward me.’
Unfortunately, there was no direct way to see that. In Knight Saga, a character’s favorability could only be checked using special items or special NPCs.
There were cases when a ‘loyal’ character would suddenly commit an act of betrayal.
Chris placed an arm around In-gong’s shoulder and said familiarly,
"Lunch is packed, so let’s eat at the cave. Hurry.”
His expression was like a child going on a picnic. Caitlin sighed then explained to In-gong,
"While we check the portal, my soldiers plan to clean up all the monsters in the cave. Seira will take command.”
Caitlin pointed toward Seira while In-gong remained silent.
'Well, it is unreasonable to level up using the monsters in the cave.’
He felt regretful but it couldn’t be helped. Securing the dwarf portal and the passage needed to be done at the same time.
Chris squeezed his arm.
"The discovery of the cave and portal is all yours, so you can expect a huge reward. If this is finished well, won’t your life in the Demon King’s Palace become completely different? The eyes of the other Demon King’s children will also change.”
His ‘Hyung’ expressed a subtle sense of hostility when he said the words ‘Demon King’s children.’
‘Rewards are nice but I don’t want to stand out.’
It was the same as attracting Zephyr’s attention. Even so, there was nothing he could do if Shutra kept remaining weak. He had to take some risks.
‘Well, I was already at the very bottom, so maybe this might be a good thing?’
It was highly likely he would be talked about.
Furthermore, he shouldn’t be afraid to be noticed from the start. He didn’t form an alliance with Chris and Caitlin for the sake of hiding.
While In-gong’s thoughts became a little dark, Chris tapped on In-gong’s back. He seemed to be misunderstanding In-gong’s thoughts.
“Hey, don’t worry. You will soon be taught Divine Beast Authority. Your aura isn’t developed enough so special medication is needed. It will take some time to prepare the ingredients.”
"I will be sure to teach you Aura properly. There will be some time after this operation.”
Caitlin also jumped in.
There were so many things he decided to learn that there didn’t seem to be enough time.
In-gong stared at Caitlin and inwardly laughed.
‘Divine Beast Authority and Aura is good, but I want to get some magic...wait.’
In-gong made a confused sound. Something flashed through his head.
‘Do I really need to be hit by magic?’
So far, he had learnt two skills through two method.
One method to acquire the skill was to do the related actions.
Basic Swordsmanship, Map Reading, Dwarf Characters and so on belonged here.
The other method was being hit by the skill.
It was impossible to learn Aura and Telekinesis through doing the related actions. Moreover, both skills required awakening.
Magic.
It was necessary to awaken magic power. However, the process of learning magic was closer to the former learning type than the latter.
'Should I ask for some magic books? A basic spellbook or a collection of circle one magic.’
Caitlin and Chris were powerful warriors and magicians. Although they leaned more towards being warriors, they ought to have a few spellbooks.
At that moment, another thought popped up.
Magician, Prince and Princess = their occupation and status in the Demon World meant they would know many things.
"Chris hyung, I have a question."
“Huh? What is it?”
Chris, who was walking alongside In-gong, glanced over with a friendly expression. Caitlin’s beautiful eyes also blinked at him.
In-gong asked both of them in a slightly lowered voice,
“Have you ever heard of something called Conquest Knight?”
TL Note: I've made a small change from Divine Beast Right/Beast Right = Divine Beast Authority/Beast Authority



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 19 - Chapter 3: Rescue #2 
Conquest Knight.
The woman with pure white hair wearing a golden crown.
In-gong wanted to learn more about a Conquest Knight and its skills.
'Punishment, obedience, governance.’
Weren’t those words related to conquest?
Protagonist Correction might be the cause but he was more focused on the Conquest side.
Prince, Conquest Knight.
An occupation and skills that hadn’t appeared in Knight Saga. Did Chris and Caitlin know about it?
Both Chris and Caitlin thought about it instead of answering In-gong directly. However, that was only for a moment. Chris shook his head.
“I don’t know, I’ve never heard of it. Caitlin, do you know?”
Caitlin’s response was a little more sincere than Chris’ but the result wasn’t different. Just like Chris, she shook her head.
"I don't know. Is that a nickname for someone? Is it a warrior on your side?”
Conquest Knight. They never heard of it. It was quite interesting.
Even Chris, who liked stories of warriors, didn’t know?
Chris clapped his hands.
“Yes, there is a possibility. Shutra, do you have a warrior called a Conquest Knight? I would like a knight like that.”
His eyes lit up at the story. In-gong laughed awkwardly and waved his hands.
"No, it is the same for me. I just remembered hearing it from somewhere.”
It was pretty dangerous when he thought about it.
In-gong didn’t know what a Conquest Knight was yet. In other words, it meant that other people could be Conquest Knights.
What if Conquest Knights were a danger to Chris and Caitlin?
‘Caitlin and Chris...’
No, even Caitlin might want to harm him.
'I was too hasty. I shouldn’t have mentioned it.’
He needed to find out as much as possible about Conquest Knights by himself. In-gong realized that he shouldn’t talk about Conquest Knights.
‘The risk is too much.’
In-gong controlled his mind and concentrated on the front again.
‘It isn’t all smoke and water... If Chris and Caitlin don’t know, should I go to the library?’
It wasn’t an entirely new thought but he went back to it after not finding any clues. There might be a record there.
‘In the end, it is just a feeling.’
No, was it really a feeling?
The white woman with a golden crown. The red flame-like woman. The skinny man dressed in a black robe and the blue man wearing a skull helmet.
The appearances of the four people became a blur in his head. In-gong felt dizzy.
"Hey, are you okay? Are you not feeling well?”
Chris, who had been walking ahead, looked back. He called out with surprise as In-gong’s eyes rolled back and he stumbled.
“Hey?
"Ah, it is nothing. I’m still a bit sleepy.”
In-gong rubbed his eyes like he was sleepy and gave a small yawn. Chris made a ‘hah’ sound and turned back to the front.
"Aigoo, you are still a kid. You should have been mentally prepared from the moment the operation started.”
He was saying insults but his eyes were smiling. In-gong had thought so since they first met, but Chris was just like a nice neighbourhood hyung.
“Do you want water?”
Caitlin extended a canteen from where she was walking next to him. She was making the same expression as Chris.
“Thank you.”
In-gong wasn’t particularly thirsty but he took the canteen and took a sip. Throughout the past few days, she had been acting like a really friendly noona.
Although In-gong had only met them for a few days, he could tell how close they were to each other. It was understandable since Chris and Caitlin were lycanthropes.
‘It will be a nightmare if one of them dies.’
When Caitlin died, Chris would go wild. If Chris died, then Caitlin would go on a rampage. That’s why they were called blood-crazed beasts.
In-gong handed the canteen back to Caitlin and looked to the front, where he saw Chris staring back at them. Chris just smiled before turning away again.
In-gong had a sudden thought.
‘Does Chris know?’
Did he know that Caitlin wasn’t the child of the Demon King? That her father was Gallehed, one of the five captains?
There was barely a two year difference between Chris and Caitlin. Chris had only been a baby when Caitlin was born.
However, Chris was part of the lycanthropes’ royal family. As the son of the 4th Queen Elaine Moonlight and the Demon King, he had grown up to become king of the lycanthropes.
It was difficult to imagine that he didn’t know about Caitlin, the lycanthropes’ greatest weakness.
‘And...’
In-gong glanced towards Caitlin. She kept walking forward as she responded affectionately to In-gong’s gaze.
“What? Do you want more water?”
"No, I am fine.”
In-gong looked ahead again.
Caitlin Moonlight. A year before the Day of Massacre, she would be the starting point for a huge civil war among the children of the Demon King.
Did she even know? The fact that she wasn’t the child of the Demon King?
'I have to slowly find out.’
In-gong stepped forward. The cave wasn’t far.
&
They had already walked on this path once, so the party’s marching speed was fast.
Once they reached the part of the cave where the rock spiders came out, Seira and her lycanthropes split into three passages while Carack and Chris’ elite troops entered another with In-gong, Chris and Caitlin following behind.
Upon arriving at the dwarf portal, the lycanthrope magicians Chris brought started to examine the portal. They seemed to roughly know the dwarf language.
"Shutra, I’m not doubting you. I just need to confirm it. Isn’t this type of procedure necessary?”
Chris laughed as he spoke towards In-gong. No matter how much he believed in In-gong, it was a necessary procedure. There was a possibility that In-gong’s interpretation was wrong.
"It's okay. I already guessed that.”
In-gong replied while observing the magicians. Due to the fact that they were lycanthropes, the magicians were all muscular.
The mysterious magicians decrypted the dwarf characters and spoke to Chris.
"Prince Chris, it is just like Prince Shutra said. This portal is connected to the Eska branch of the Jishuka Mountains."
"Will the portal work normally?”
The magicians pointed to the magic spell underneath the characters and replied to Chris.
"It seems to work. Dwarven goods are unbeatable.”
Dwarf-made objects were masterpieces in the Demon World. Chris nodded and looked at In-gong and Caitlin.
"Okay, let’s move.”
Moving through the portal was simple. Once the magician inserted magic power into the circle, a blue and round gate appeared. After passing through it, they arrived in front of the other portal.
"How is it? It isn’t anything special right?”
Caitlin laughed and patted his shoulder. In-gong nodded with surprise.
"Yes, it wasn’t anything special.”
He had been worried about what would happen once he entered the blue gate but he didn’t feel anything.
‘Isn’t this called a space jump?’
It was space movement, not a space jump. At first glance, it seemed the same. However, there was a big difference.
Of course, In-gong had no way of knowing what the difference was. He didn’t know much about it.
"Stay alert. The passages haven’t been secured yet. Don’t forget that we still don’t know where the passage exit leads to.”
Chris started to explore the passage ahead with the lycanthropes. It was completely different from the relaxed figure he showed at the base.
'Yes, he is this type of person.’
Caitlin also stayed silent with a serious expression after hearing Chris’ words. He looked back and Carack had a strict and serious expression on his face as well.
Fortunately, the passage with Portal Three was much shorter compared to the one with Portal Two.
In-gong used the mini-map and found a door that Carack cracked open.
“Phew, I feel better now.”
Fresh air flooded in from the open door. It was a windy area.
“A mountain slope? Okay, let’s examine it.”
Chris muttered and gave a signal. The lycanthropes immediately left the cave at a swift pace.
"We are going. Be careful.”
This time, Chris moved in the front, followed by In-gong, Caitlin and Carack.
Chris covered up the entrance of the cave with rocks, dead tree branches and grass so that it was almost invisible.
"Okay, this looks good.”
Chris said while looking down the mountain. Without realising it, In-gong exclaimed with admiration,
"Wow!"
The Red Lightning tribe was spread out under the mountain. If he included the non-combatants, there were more than 5,000 people, so it was incomparable to Caitlin’s base.
“The food warehouses are a priority when attacking from the rear. While Vandal strikes from the front, a unit will infiltrate the rear to burn the food warehouses.”
Chris said while pointing to a corner. His voice sounded quite sinister.
However, Caitlin, who was looking at the entire base, shook her head.
"It is strange. There aren’t that many troops.”
"Eh? Come to think of it?”
It wasn’t night yet but there were very few orcs at the base.
Chris, Caitlin and In-gong looked into the distance. Their mouths dropped open at the same time.
At the plains in front of the base...
Two different armies were clashing.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 20 - Chapter 3: Rescue #3 
There was fighting. It was clear a fight was taking place but it was too far away to find out more.
There was a wide plain in front of the Red Lightning tribe’s base with the Jishuka Mountains acting as a barrier in the rear. A battle was taking place in one corner of the plain.
"I can’t see it! What about both of you?”
He looked on either side of him and asked. He knew the answer without both of them saying anything. Even though it was so far away, the combat scene was visible to them.
"Prince, I can’t see it either.”
Carack’s answer was meaningless.
Caitlin spoke while still observing the battlefield.
"Shutra, focus your aura on your eyes.”
Aura was life force used to strengthen the body but focusing Aura on the eyes?
‘Heok, it is real. I can see it!’
Once Aura was gathered to his eyes, he could see further and more accurately. Things that had looked like dots started to gradually take shape to In-gong.
"Orcs...what? They aren’t orcs or ogres?”
Not only the skin colour but also the clothing was completely different from orcs and ogres. Orcs and ogres generally favoured less clothing due to their large size. However, the people fighting now wore black or purple clothes and were slim.
‘Ugh, is this my limit?’
He tried to focus his aura a little bit more but nothing really changed. From the start, the distance had simply been too far.
Chris’ and Caitlin’s expressions showed they also couldn’t get clear answers. Chris, who seemed to be using a lot of power on his eyes, frowned and muttered.
"They aren’t General Vandal’s forces. In the first place, there was no battle planned today. The size of the troops fighting is also too small.”
Of course, not all battles went as scheduled. However, this wasn’t General Vandal’s base but the front of the Red Lightning tribe. There was no reason for there to be a fight outside of the schedule.
They weren’t General Vandal’s troops but a third army.
As Chris had said, the scale was too small. There seemed to be only approximately 100 people. The conflict had turned into a one-sided fight as the difference in troops was too large.
"It is too reckless. They are going to be wiped out!”
Caitlin shouted. In-gong also saw it. They had to flee now while the siege net wasn’t complete.
However, the movements of the troop was strange. Rather than try to escape, they were rushing desperately through the orcs.
'What the? Was something important taken from them?’
"Retreating.”
Chris said. The movements of the troop changed when the fiercest fighting at the forefront collapsed. It seemed like the commander who led the reckless battle had fallen.
The retreat of the unidentified army was swift. From the outset, they seemed to have excellent maneuverability. They quickly opened a wide distance between them and the orcs on the plains.
"The big fight is over? Who the hell was fighting?”
Carack asked with a frustrated frown on his face. Chris ignored him while Caitlin turned to Carack with a face that said she didn’t know.
In-gong breathed out. He couldn’t see everything but he used a few context clues to come to a rough answer.
Black or purple clothes. Rapid maneuverability. They weren’t General Vandal’s forces. The most crucial point was that the unidentified army was riding on a horned lizard.
‘Dark elf.’
Corrupted elves in the Demon World.
It was obvious.
&
Just like dwarves and orcs, the dark elves in Knight Saga were similar to the universal dark elves in fantasy.
Their ears were long, they had thin limbs and their movements were light and agile.
Their skin colour was brown or copper, reminiscent of a South American beauty. Both male and female dark elves enjoyed wearing exposed clothes and the dark elves resided in the Great Forest that could be called the Demon World’s Amazon.
They were corrupted but still elves. Magic was the reason for their corruption in the first place, so they were excellent at using magic.
They rode on lizards called dracos that also lived in the Great Forest. In terms of endurance, they were inferior to horses. However, their instant speed was tremendous and they had tactical value in swamps.
'Why did the dark elves come here?’
There was a colossal distance between the Great Forest and Jishuka Mountains. Of course, the dark elves didn’t always stay in the Great Forest but it didn’t make sense for them to jump into the Jishuka Mountains so fiercely.
"Prince? Have you figured something out?”
Carack recognized when In-gong was thinking and asked urgently. Chris and Caitlin then looked at In-gong with anticipation.
"What is it? Have you found something?”
A light shone in Chris and Caitlin’s eyes. It was like they were preparing to shout out, ‘Great!’.
In-gong scratched his head and muttered,
“I’m not sure but... they seem like dark elves. Does Hyung and Noona see what they are riding on? There are horns on their heads and don’t they move really fast?”
Carack was still confused but Chris and Caitlin were different. The two of them shouted almost simultaneously,
"Draco!"
No further explanation was needed. Of course, Carack required it but no one was kind enough to explain it to him.
“I almost missed the obvious.”
“Those creatures are dracos. It is my first time seeing them.”
Chris and Caitlin said separately. Carack’s eyes widened as he finally grasped the situation.
"Dracos? Then they are dark elves?”
"It is just a possibility. The battle was too far away, so I only guessed.”
In fact, In-gong had never actually seen the dracos.
‘They were too far away, so I just guessed based on the horns on the head.’
In fact, there were many animals with horns on their heads in the Demon World. If it hadn’t been for their explosive speed when retreating, In-gong would never have thought of a draco.
‘It is hard but rewarding to ride them.’
Of course, that had been a story in the game.
"Yes, let’s return immediately. We need to get in touch with General Vandal to figure out the situation.”
He had originally intended to inform Vandal of the existence of the dwarf portal and to discuss plans but now, something more urgent had occurred.
Chris spoke to In-gong and Caitlin, then blew a little horn hanging by his throat. It made a special sound that only lycanthropes could hear.
"Let's go."
Chris moved ahead of them with the lycanthropes.
After returning to Portal Two, they headed towards Chris’ base instead of Caitlin’s.
It was his first time visiting Chris’ base but the basic form wasn’t much different from Caitlin’s base. The big difference was that Chris had twice the number of troops compared to Caitlin.
“Contact General Vandal. It is urgent.”
Chris ordered as soon as they arrived at the tents. He had contacted them in advance, so magic tools were already installed in the tent.
The lycanthrope magicians injected magic power and light started gathering on a circular silver tray that was erected vertically.
‘Ohh, video communication?’
In-gong was filled with expectation. After one or two minutes, the shape of a person appeared in the midst of the light.
“Prince Chris.”
The owner of the voice was a fierce looking ogre. There were a few long scars on the red skin of his angular face.
‘It is nice to see him.’
It felt great to see a subordinate he used to have in the game.
However, that was only In-gong. Vandal only looked at Chris and Chris talked straight away instead of introducing In-gong and Caitlin.
“General Vandal, there was a small battle in front of the Red Lightning tribe approximately an hour ago. It doesn’t seem to be the General’s army, so do you have any ideas?”
“I do. How did Prince know about it?”
Vandal responded curtly. If Carack was a genius (?) among orcs, Vandal was a genius among ogres. His words were short but his brain wasn’t comparable to an ordinary ogre.
"I saw it with my own eyes. I will tell you the story.”
Chris concisely explained about the dwarf cave and portal. In the meantime, Caitlin’s oppa also stated that In-gong was the one who discovered it.
“Indeed.”
Vandal nodded with a serious expression. Caitlin stepped forward and spoke.
"General Vandal, it is now your turn. Tell us what you know.”
"The ones that Prince and Princess witnessed, they are dark elves.”
Vandal’s story was short and to the point.
‘Indeed.’
As expected, they were dark elves. Chris asked another question.
“Why did the dark elves suddenly appear? Are they reinforcements sent from the Demon King’s Palace?”
“It is similar but different. An independent unit intervened. They said they wanted to scout before joining.”
Something unexpected happened and they faced a large number of enemies.
"As Prince and Princess witnessed, they were smashed. However, there is something bigger. The leader of the dark elf army was caught by the Red Lightning tribe.”
Chris’ expression changed at Vandal’s words. Caitlin seemed like she had already guessed as much.
“That is why they were fighting so recklessly.”
Carack, who seemed independent from the current situation, whispered to In-gong. In-gong nodded and asked Chris and Caitlin,
"Who is the leader of the independent troop?”
“Felicia Doomblade.”
The answer came from General Vandal. No further explanation was needed for In-gong.
The 6th Princess, Felicia Doomblade.
Chris and Caitlin's half sister.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 21 - Chapter 4: Rescue #4 
The Demon King had five queens and nine children from them. 
The 3rd Queen, Sylvia Doomblade. 
She was the eldest daughter of the Doomblade family, which could be called the leader of the seven dark elf clans, and was a princess of the dark elves. 
Felicia Doomblade was one of two children that Sylvia Doomblade gave birth to. 
'What about her brother?’ 
The 5th Prince, Silvan Doomblade, and the 6th Princess, Felicia Doomblade. 
In-gong examined his memories of both of them. In the game, they belonged to the faction of the 4th Princess, Anastasia Nekrion - a long time rival of Zephyr. So, he always considered them as ‘enemies’. 
'Still, it is better than Chris and Caitlin.’ 
He had a lot more chances to meet the two people when he played at the Demon King’s Palace. 
‘Haughty, pretty, selfish... just a princess.’
That was his impression of Felicia. Her brother Silvan Doomblade was more of an enemy to Zephyr, than her. 
'He is certainly a fighter.’ 
Just like Chris and Caitlin, Silvan gave off an intense impression because he was a fierce enemy. Silvan was considered the biggest player in the Day of Massacre.
'Anyway, Felicia is here.’ 
Why did Felicia suddenly appear? Was she trying to intercept the merits? 
‘It isn’t likely.’
The children of the Demon King didn’t move only on missions. Those who were over 18 years old could travel independently to manage various things but Felicia was only turning 18 this year.
‘Perhaps, she is performing another mission in the area?’ 
The conversation between Vandal and Chris continued while In-gong was making such a reasoning. Chris frowned. 
"Does the Red Lightning tribe know that she is Felicia?” 
“I don’t know. She might have said it or kept her mouth shut. Or maybe the orcs figured it out." 
There was a huge gap between thinking of Felicia as a dark elf officer and a princess. It was obvious that her treatment would vary depending on what they thought she was. 
‘Maybe she is already dead.’ 
She could be used as political ransom, however, her captors were the aggressive orcs. Moreover, there were considerable differences between the way the Human World and the Demon World thought.
“So, what is the castle’s policy?” 
"Save her if possible.” 
"There are to be no negotiations?" 
"If they call out first, I will try to talk about it. However, I don’t think they will initiate contact.” 
“Indeed.”
Chris laughed bitterly while In-gong nodded. 
This wasn’t just a story created by the ogre, Vandal.
The common law in the Demon World was that the strong ruled. There was no reason to desperately rescue a princess captured by the enemy. 
‘Well, that is only the common law of the Demon King’s Palace.’ 
The dark elves didn’t think of retreating despite risking death. 
‘No, was it because they thought this was their only chance to save her?’ 
Either way, the fact remained that the Demon King’s Palace wouldn’t care about rescuing a prince or princess.
"I will gather more information from this side.” 
Vandal soon said. His words were somewhat rude but Chris nodded without any complaints. 
"Okay, then let’s talk again in a few hours.”
Chris gestured and the magicians in charge of the communication magic left the tent. 
In-gong glanced to Carack and ordered, 
"Carack, you should leave as well.”
“I understand. Call me if necessary.”
Now, there were only three people left in the tent, In-gong, Chris and Caitlin. Chris gave a long sigh and flopped down in his chair.
"Our good sister is a prisoner.”
There were thorns in his words. Caitlin looked between In-gong and Chris and declared.
"If she is still alive then we have to save her.”
It was a pretty decisive attitude. Caitlin had such a firm will on her face that In-gong nodded inadvertently. 
However, Chris was a little different. He stared at Caitlin and laughed. 
"Yes, that would be good but don’t forget that one method is to not save her.”
Caitlin looked at Chris. He just ignored her gaze and shrugged. 
"It is a joke."
‘Is he really not serious?’
His expression and eyes seemed completely different. 
'It is bloody.’ 
It was natural that the relationship between the children of the Demon King wouldn’t be good. They were busy fighting each other every day. 
However, sibling were siblings. Even though their relationships were bad, it wasn’t extreme enough to kill each other. 
‘That died in earnest after the lycanthrope war.’ 
In fact, it was initiated by Zephyr. Zephyr was the one who created such a sense of crisis that they had to act. 
However, Chris just implied that it didn’t matter if Felicia died.
‘Did something happen between the two of them?’ 
He didn’t know the specifics but it seemed bad.. 
'If Chris and Caitlin survived, then it is likely that they would be the ones handling Silvan and Felicia... Eh, will he really let her die?’ 
Moreover, would Felicia actually die ? Right now, it was Year 512. In the beginning of Knight Sage, Year 513, Felicia was still alive. 
‘No, I can’t be sure.’ 
There was no guarantee that it would go like it had in the game. Right now, the relationship between Shutra, Chris and Caitlin hadn’t changed anything  drastically. 
"We should save her. No, we have to save Unni.” (Honorific used by females towards older females)
Caitlin stared straight at Chris and declared. Just like how Chris seemed serious, Caitlin was also sincere.
‘As expected.’ 
While In-gong remained silent, Chris sighed and nodded. 
"Well, yes. We have to at least give it a try.” 
Caitlin’s eyes shook but she didn’t say anything more. In-gong, who was sandwiched between them, asked. 
"Is there a method?” 
Currently, it was unknown if Felicia was alive or not. If the Red Lightning tribe had kidnapped her, they didn’t know where she was imprisoned. 
Chris shrugged and replied. 
"Well, it isn’t good to drag out the time... General Vandal will probably have a method.’ 
Chris rose from his seat and pointed to the battlefield map spread on the table. 
"After General Vandal’s troops attack from the front, from behind...”
Chris set up three models behind the Red Lightning tribe. 
"You and Caitlin, the three of us will hit the rear of the enemy. While I hope we can rescue Felicia in the middle of this... there is a chance we can’t. Will that be our fault?” 
Chris' gaze turned toward Caitlin. She tightened her lips and said, 
"If you rescue Felicia unni, it will be a really big merit.”
"Yes, that is true. She will also be indebted to me. Well, isn’t this pretty good?”
Chris nodded with a sly smile. Caitlin was at a loss for words while In-gong didn’t say anything. 
‘Would he have treated Shutra like this if he didn’t like me?’ 
He didn’t know about Caitlin but Chris seemed to be like that.  
Chris, who was laughing alone, knocked on the table. 
"Hopefully, we can proceed early in the morning. Then, we should go to our separate bases and rest. General Vandal and I will discuss the details.” 
"Oppa should rest too.”
“Yes.”
Caitlin looked reluctantly at Chris one more time before leaving the tent with In-gong.
&
It was evening when Chris called In-gong and Caitlin again. 
"The operation is simple." 
Chris laid some models on the battlefield map. He was able to tell with one glance what the models meant. 
‘The three of us are have character miniature models.’ 
The models were quite well made. Chris then started to talk.
"While General Vandal lures the Red Lightning tribe, we will strike them in the back.” 
‘It is really simple.' 
It was almost the same story he heard during the day. While In-gong stared at the map, Chris coughed and added,
"I will move into the centre of the base and make as much fuss as possible. Then Caitlin and Shutra will lead their respective troops to break in and carry out the mission.” 
The three models scattered in different directions. In-gong asked, 
"The mission, are you referring to the rescue of Felicia noona?” 
“Burn the food warehouses and save Felicia in the middle if you find her. If it gets dangerous, leave.”
It wasn’t a rescue mission but a destructive one. 
“Oppa.”
"I’ve done everything I can. Is there anything else we can do?” 
Caitlin made a disgusted expression at Chris’ words but didn’t say anything. 
'No, he could send spies to check the location of the prisoner. Well... that is only if there is enough time.’ 
In-gong thought inwardly as he continued to listen to Chris’ explanation. Various matters about the operation needed to be discussed, including signals between the units. 
"Okay, go back and relax. We will start at midnight. Let’s do it right.” 
'Yes, I’ll try to get to level 10 this time.’
In-gong nodded and left the tent. 
Time passed quickly. Along with Carack and his 50 orcs, Chris and Caitlin’s units passed through the dwarf portal and stood on the mountain overlooking the Red Lightning tribe. 
"Heh, they would never think we were behind them.”
Carack murmured in a small voice like he found it hilarious. Nearly 400 troops were hiding. However, the night was so deep and the moon barely was shining, so In-gong couldn’t see everyone. 
In-gong nodded as he stared in front of him. He stood in the cold night air and gazed into the distance. 
“It is starting.” 
A low roar was heard from the front as soon as he spoke. The ground shook as Vandal’s troops rushed forward and there was the sound of various musical instruments, such as horns and drums. 
There was a frenzy at the Red Lightning base below. Shouting and horns sounded at the same time as soldiers poured out of the tents. 
In-gong gazed in the direction where Chris was hiding. Chris made a signal to wait as soon as In-gong turned to look at him. 
"Now?" 
"Wait. We have to wait until enough troops have left.” 
In-gong explained to Carack and calmed his heart. He had experienced combat several times but his heartbeat got faster because this was the first time he would be in such a big battle. 
Some time passed.
Chris and the lycanthropes started moving down. It was a really fast pace. 
In-gong kept waiting. There needed to be a time difference with Chris’ troops. This time In-gong was leading 50 orcs and an additional 30 orcs given by Chris. There was a total of 80 orcs. 
As the lycanthropes roared, there was another big fuss at the base of the Red Lightning tribe. Now was the time. 
“Charge!" 
"Charge!” 
Along with In-gong, Carack shouted loudly and the orcs ran down the mountain. The shouting was over after they reached the enemy’s location. 
Thanks to Internal Strength, In-gong was able to keep up with the orcs. In-gong peered around while running and saw Caitlin, who was deliberately coinciding her speed to match In-gong’s troops.
Just like Chris did, Caitlin looked back at In-gong. Caitlin laughed and In-gong grinned back. 
The base was right in front of him. In-gong kept an eye on both the mini-map and the area in front of him as he raised his sword.
Author's Note: That... In response to the ‘half sister’ in yesterday’s chapter, I just used that term as a way of indicating that Felicia is a child of the Demon King. =3=;;
-All children of the Demon King are half-siblings. Caitlin is officially a child of the Demon King, so she has a half-sibling relationship with the other children.
Since there is a possibility of unnecessary confusion due to an inaccuracy of the expression, I will correct it if I can think of an appropriate sentence.
-A child of the Demon King or... Maybe just Chris’ half sister...
Felicia will surely appear in the next chapter!
See you tomorrow.
Today is a happy day :D



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 22 - Chapter 3: Rescue #5 
The base of the Red Lightning tribe was a crucible of turmoil. 
Flames were everywhere and the screaming, crying, roaring and shouting mixed together to create a terrible sound. 
Just standing still caused his head to become dizzy, but there was no time to stop. In-gong gazed at the minimized mini-map and commanded.
"Go to the left! Run straight to the food warehouses!” 
Since General Vandal had hit the front, there were few troops left in the base. Moreover, Chris had rushed forward and made a lot of fuss, so the remaining forces had flocked to Chris. 
Even though it wasn’t deserted, it was close to it! 
"Ohhh!”
"Die!" 
The orcs were fighting while rushing forward and the sight of blood filled his eyes. 
Carack was showing an incredible display once again. He held an axe in one hand and a big shield in the other. As the lead orc, he crushed everything in his path.
In-gong didn’t stay still. He wasn’t fighting side-by-side with Carack, but he played a big role from behind Carack.
[Dagger Throwing Lv1.] 
It was a skill he learnt yesterday specifically for today.  
It was just throwing a knife, but he managed to kill some orcs with it. Carack dealt most of the damage but he still received a decent amount of experience. 
‘Should I learn proper archery?’ 
A bow or other long-ranged weapons were useful in a situation like this. 
“Carack! Pull to the left! Just a little bit more and we’ll arrive at a food warehouse!”
“Ouh!”
Adrenaline was being secreted as Carack responded with a strange sound. In-gong fingered his dagger and glanced around. It wasn’t because In-gong was worried about Caitlin. 
'Okay, the operation... Ah, right! Felicia!’ 
In-gong searched around but didn’t see any signs of Felicia. 
‘If she is locked up, won’t she die because of this?’ 
Flames were sweeping all over the place. If she was trapped in a confined space, she might suffocate and die. 
‘Does he really have no idea?’
It was Chris who rushed forward and caused the fire first. Instead of setting the fire, In-gong commanded Carack. 
"Find Felicia!” 
“Huh? What are you saying?” 
Carack retorted with agitation. In-gong could see tents and timber buildings, but it was too crowded. 
"No, just rush it!” 
If the enemies knew Felicia’s value, they would try to get her out. 
‘Yes, let’s not think about it!’
In-gong felt a little sorry for Felicia but he couldn’t make a difference. Instead, he focused on the mini-map while rushing forward with Carack. In-gong perceived Felicia as a neutral NPC, so she should appear as a blue or purple dot on the map. 
Even Chris and Caitlin, who he killed as Zephyr, were now solid allies. Perhaps, Felicia and Silvan could become like them. 
‘Yes, there are no unconditional enemies!’ 
Of course, Zephyr was an exception! 
"Prince! The food warehouses!"
Carack shouted. A few orcs around him threw flasks of explosive magic, causing a huge explosion and flames to ensue. 
"Kuahaha! Good ride!” 
Carack shouted like a villain with a menacing face. Instead of responding, In-gong looked around again. His first objective of the food warehouse had been taken care of, so now he could find Felicia. 
‘Although it is possible to find her...’
"This way! Somebody help!" 
A sharp scream was heard before he finished his thought. The voice of a woman could clearly be distinguished from the sounds of the orcs. 
In-gong and Carack ran towards the direction where he heard the sound. Inside a semi-collapsed wooden building, a few orcs from the Red Lightning tribe were knocked out while a female dark elf with both hands tied stood in the middle of burning wreckage.
“Felicia?” 
Felicia had a sharp face, silver hair, red eyes and was wearing clothes that could be called a bathing suit. 
Felicia blinked with amazement at In-gong’s call. 
“What, are you Shutra?” 
In-gong replied with a question instead of answering. 
“How? Who knocked out all the orcs?” 
"Of course, I did it! I used this uproar to try and escape but the fires are everywhere... That doesn’t matter! Cut this rope as quickly as possible! There is a trick involved with it that is interfering with my magic!” 
Despite that, she had already halfway escaped by herself. 
‘As expected from a Demon King’s child.’ 
In-gong looked at Carak while cutting Felicia’s rope and Carack sent a signal into the sky. A green flash crossed with a red flame in the night sky.
"That is a signal that I found Noona! Now, let’s go!” 
In-gong gestured for her to come out quickly. However, Felicia was standing still with a confused face. 
“Are you sending a signal to Chris and Caitlin?” 
“Yes! Both of them are also looking for Noona!” 
Chris said he didn’t care if she died.
'I will use this opportunity to make some points. If Felicia joins our faction, Silva will also come to our side!’ 
Furthermore, Caitlin was sincerely worried about her. 
In-gong gestured to Felicia but she kept on blinking with shock. 
“Chris and Caitlin? They are trying to save me?” 
'What, is it that shocking? Is their relationship worse than I thought?’ 
However, it was subtle. There seemed to be a lot that In-gong still didn’t know. 
‘Ah, I don’t know. Let’s get out of here first!’
Now wasn’t the time to be thinking about this. They needed to move.
"Prince! Those guys are coming!" 
Carack cried out loudly. In-gong glanced at the mini-map and saw many red dots flocking. 
‘It is natural after the food warehouses are burnt.’ 
Perhaps the enemy had already noticed the main purpose of In-gong’s troops. Of course, the food warehouse was burning, so things were going smoothly. 
“Noona! Come on! Hurry!” 
“U-understood! But calling me Noona...” 
Felicia started moving while replying to him.
"Kill them!" 
"Turn those fellows into soup!” 
The Red Lightning tribe orcs were rushing towards them. Arrows flew from every direction and the sound of axes could be heard. 
"Kuk! Hide behind me!” 
Carack placed a shield over his head and covered In-gong. In-gong reached out quickly, grabbed Felicia’s wrist and pulled her along. 
“Kyak?”
"Ohhh!”
“Kill!” 
"Fight!”
The yells of the orcs swallowed up Felicia’s scream. Carack raised his shield and shouted.
"Prince! Stick closely behind me!” 
It was a situation where he couldn’t afford to look at the mini-map. In-gong looked away from Carack and toward Felicia. 
“Felicia noona! Do you have any helpful magic?” 
Silvan and Felicia were capable magicians. At In-gong’s request, Felicia recovered her spirit and nodded. 
“Uh, wait a minute. Then... Shutra! Behind you!”
“What?”
In-gong looked back. While the orcs of the Red Lightning tribe were rushing forward, a flame arrow was flying towards him.
‘Magic?’ 
There was no room to think, so In-gong acted according to instinct. He hugged Felicia to protect her and received the flame arrow. 
‘Ah, damn! This isn’t Caitlin!’ 
It was already too late to regret it. There was terrible pain that couldn’t even be imagined. 
“Shutra!” 
Felicia was the one who screamed with aghast instead of In-gong. He found a single strand of pleasure in the midst of this suffering - that’s right.
[Magic Power Control Lv1 has been learnt.] 
[Fire Arrow Lv1 has been learnt.] 
Magic! 
In-gong groaned and released Felicia. He turned around and shouted, 
“Fire Arrow!” 
A fire arrow made of magic!
A spark emerged from In-gong’s fingertips and flew towards the orcs.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 23 - Chapter 3: Rescue #6
The fire arrow broke through the darkness. Of course, everything in its path didn’t turn into ashes. He had just learnt Fire Arrow, so it was only Lv1. 
However, this was the first time In-gong was using magic. He felt bliss despite the pain.
‘Ohh, it is real! Real magic!’ 
"Prince! Are you okay?” 
Carack shouted without looking his way. In-gong opened his mouth to answer but only a strange sound emerged from his mouth.
"Hoatcha!” 
In-gong moved his body reflexively. This time it was toward Felicia and the reason was simple. 
'I-I have to do this!’
Magic was heading towards them again. It wasn’t a fire arrow like earlier but an ice arrow. 
“Kuheok!” 
Unlike the fire arrow that exploded against In-gong’s back, the ice arrow pierced through him. The clear voice rang in his head, but this time the pain was so great  he couldn’t feel any joy. 
[Ice Arrow Lv1 has been learnt.]
[Stamina has decreased. You are in a very dangerous state.] 
He couldn’t see the stamina gauge but there would be a red light coming from it if he could.
"Ugh..." 
As In-gong groaned and collapsed, Felicia quickly reached out and grabbed him.
“Shutra!” 
"Prince! Are you okay?” 
He couldn’t respond to the two people. He had been too irrational when it came to magic. 
He was too greedy. It was crazy to learn magic in this situation. It would be no use learning magic if he died. 
In-gong had various regrets but he couldn’t think due to the pain. 
Felicia rolled In-gong over and pulled out the ice arrow. 
“Keok!”
“Stay still!”
Felicia half-screamed as she touched In-gong’s wound with trembling hands. No further attacks reached In-gong due to the fierce defense of his orcs. 
"Crazy, crazy! Why did someone so weak do something like this? And when did you learn magic?” 
In-gong was suffering but Felicia was very surprised. Felicia’s eyes darted over In-gong’s body with an incredulous expression. 
‘Shutra protected me?’ 
He took the blow with his body? 
Felicia was forced to concentrate in order to cast magic. It was recovery magic for In-gong. 
‘Ah?’
A warm light emerged from Felicia’s hands and In-gong’s wounds healed quickly. It didn’t stop until his stamina recovered to a certain degree. 
[Heal Lv1 has been learnt.] 
‘Ohh!’
He had been about to die, so now he was just happy to be alive. Felicia didn’t realize In-gong’s joy and laid her hands on him again.
“Hey! Shutra! Steady yourself! Don’t die!” 
She sounded angry but he was surprised to see tears in the corner of her eyes. In-gong, who was lying down, stared at her face with shock. 
‘F-Felicia?’ 
She could act like this? Wasn’t she indifferent to Shutra?
“Hey, are you okay? Huh? Answer me!” 
“I’m fine.”
In-gong tried to answer as energetically as possible but only a small voice emerged. Felicia started pouring out abusive language. 
"This bastard! Why did you bother? Do you think that I can’t stop magic of that degree? Now, I have to protect you!” 
“No, I didn’t intend to protect you.” 
Of course, that was his intention with the first attack. However, he wanted to be hit the second time. 
"Anyway, can you stand up? Should I use another recovery spell?”
In-gong nodded at Felicia’s question and used his strength to get up. Although In-gong was confused by her overly friendly attitude, it seemed to be quite favourable to him. 
"Prince! Are you okay?” 
He heard Carack’s voice from nearby. Instead of answering, In-gong leaned against Felicia and said, 
"Noona, we need to move quickly. 
Thanks to the recovery magic, his voice was better than before. Felicia nodded with relief and replied,
"Hmm, yes! Hurry!” 
Somehow In-gong felt like Carack was saying ‘Are you joking right now?’ with his eyes, but he ignored it. He headed to the Jishuka Mountains with Felicia while Carack escorted them. 
However, escaping wasn’t as easy as he thought. The Red Lightning orcs were flocking like dogs.
‘Damn! What is Chris doing?’ 
Of course, it wasn’t Chris’ fault. Perhaps Chris was facing double the number of orcs that In-gong was.
‘Why are there so many orcs remaining at the base? Is Caitlin okay?’ 
In-gong was concerned about Caitlin who headed in the direction opposite to him. However, they were Chris and Caitlin. Even the powerful Zephyr was reluctant to confront them alone. 
‘Yes! I should just worry about myself!’ 
"Kuooh!" 
A menacing sound was heard from the front like it was in response to In-gong’s thoughts. The answer came from the orcs around him.
“Blood ogre!” 
The orcs simultaneously cried out the name. An entirely red ogre blocked the path of In-gong’s party. 
‘A mutant species of ogre!’ 
They had more power and were bigger than ordinary ogre. 
He roared and wielded a double-edged axe that seemed to be bigger than In-gong. It was an equipment that only Zhang Fei seemed capable of using. 
'We have to pierce through.’
They had to get rid of him in order to open the path to retreat. If the delay was too long, the number of Red Lightning orcs behind them would increase.
In-gong turned away from Felicia with a determined expression. Now wasn’t the time to be hiding his power. 
“Carack! It will be the same as last time!” 
Carack nodded at In-gong’s call and grabbed his axe firmly. No further explanation was required as the hearts of the two people were already connected. 
“Below the King’s Flag!” 
In-gong stabbed a dagger into the ground and shouted. As before, a white light sprang from In-gong’s body.
'Keok!’ 
His stamina seemed to drain out of him. Even though he was already half-seated due to stabbing the dagger into the ground, his legs lost strength and he almost collapsed.
However, the skill itself was a success. The light from In-gong gathered together to form a line with Carack. 
Carack, who was surrounded by white light, unleashed a wild battle shout. The nearby orcs roared like wolves but the magician Felicia was different. Her red eyes shook as she stared at In-gong. 
“Shutra? Did you just do this right now?” 
She demanded an explanation but now wasn’t the time.
"I did!” 
“What are you doing! Let’s go!” 
As Carack shouted, Felicia frowned but turned toward the blood ogre. 
"Ohhhh!"
“Kuoooh!” 
Cararck and the blood ogre roared as they rushed towards each other. Felicia laughed like they were pathetic and waved her hands lightly.
"Grease!” 
"Kaaack!” 
The spell turned the ground in front of the blood ogre slippery. The blood ogre was unaware of this and fell like he had stepped on a bar of soap in the bathroom. The clever Carack didn’t miss this opportunity.
"Die!” 
The axe struck the blood ogre’s neck. 
“Kiaack!” 
The blood ogre tried to raise his body was a terrible scream, but it was useless. Carack pulled the axe out and struck down on the blood ogre’s forehead. 
Blood and brains splattered. Carack laughed up towards the sky and Felicia frowned at him. 
‘As expected from Felicia.’ 
Although Carack was the one who dealt the direct blow, the MVP of the battle was Felicia. She had used magic appropriate to the situation.
'Did that mean I didn’t have to use Below the King’s Flag?’ 
It could be seen like that but the effect of Below the King’s Flag wasn’t simply giving strength. 
[Your level has risen.] 
It allowed the king to gain the merits! 
‘Level 10!’ 
A white light shone around In-gong as he levelled up. In-gong’s stamina recovered in an instant and he jumped up. Just like last time, he had a headache after using Below the King’s Flag but he didn’t care. 
Level 10 - a level with a special meaning in Knight Saga!
‘I mean, maybe!’ 
[The level of Protagonist Correction has increased.]
A clear voice rang out as In-gong formed a fist.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 24 - Chapter 3: Rescue #7 
[Protagonist Correction Lv 2] 
In-gong reflexively raised his hands and activated the skills window. Underneath Protagonist Correction, here was a passive skill that he hadn’t seen yet .
 [Battlefield Protection Lv1] 
[The hit rate of weapons launched towards the protagonist is slightly lowered.] 
'Heok, isn’t this the stormtrooper effect?’ 
The effect of Protagonist Correction was like the famous stormtroopers. 
Stormtroopers were elite soldiers in the classic sci-fi movie, Star Wars. Among the numerous Imperial soldiers, they were especially famous for their accurate marksmanship. However, their hit rate tended to deteriorate when encountering the party of the protagonist. 
It was like how protagonists don’t get shot in action movies. 
‘Isn’t this the real Protagonist Correction?’ 
Perhaps his ability to learn skills wasn’t an effect of Conquest but was due to Protagonist Correction. 
Anyway, it was a decent skill. He was nervous because it said ‘slightly’, but it was currently only level one. 
‘Is there anything else? What effect will Protagonist Correction have when it levels up?’
“Hey! Shutra! What are you doing?” 
Felicia’s sharp voice broke through In-gong’s thoughts. In-gong recovered his spirit and stood up. Right now, he was in the middle of a battle. It wasn’t the time for skills research. 
‘Will I see the effect of levelling up?’ 
Or was it suppressed due to the effect of Below the King’s Flag? 
"Prince!” 
“Eh, eh!” 
In-gong replied to Carack and looked around while picking up the dwarf dagger. After taking care of the blood ogre, the surprised Red Lightning tribe had changed to passive movements.
‘Okay, I should hurry.’
The mini-map was still full of enemies. After a short time, the enemies started flocking in this direction again. 
"Let's go! Retreat!” 
In-gong gave an order to Carack who was swinging his axe. 
He also shouted towards Felicia. 
“These pigs! Return them to flames!” 
"Return them to flames?”
Felicia heard In-gong’s words, laughed and raised both arms. 
"The wind! Stir!” 
Her command soon became a reality. Strong winds burst from Felicia’s arms and caused the flames to surround the Red Lightning tribe. 
“Ohh!”
It wasn’t magic. In-gong was sure because he awakened magic power. 
‘A spirit! It must be a spirit!’ 
The dark elves were elves who had been corrupted! On the Assenba Continent, there were few species born with a higher spirit affinity than elves and Felicia was a princess of the dark elves. She was a gifted spirit master before being an excellent magician.
'But how does it happen? Just like the wind... Heok!’ 
In-gong shook his head. It was a long shot. 
'Spirit techniques are likely to be similar to an aura or psychic powers. I might not be able to awaken it like magic power.’ 
In fact, the area of magic still wasn’t clear. Several more clinical experiments (?) were needed to determine the exact mechanisms. 
‘But I need to be hit by a spirit technique to find out.’ 
He would investigate spirit techniques later. 
"Prince! A flare!” 
This time it was Carack who interrupted In-gong’s thoughts. In-gong, who was running beside Carack, stared up at the sky and checked the signal. It was a yellow flash.
"A command to retreat!” 
Chris was ordering a total retreat. 
‘What is going on? Is Chris in danger?’ 
He suddenly thought of Caitlin. In-gong headed to the Jishuka Mountains with the orcs while navigating with the mini-map. 
‘I have to widen the scope around the area!’ 
In-gong could look at the terrain in an enclosed space, but he could only grasp the movements of the troops moving in it by expanding the scope. 
Thanks to the flames being controlled by Felicia, In-gong was able to rush up the mountain. In-gong didn’t forget to grasp the movements of the orcs on his side using the mini-map.
'There are approximately 60.’ 
It wasn’t easy to figure out the exact number, but there seemed to be 60 or so orcs following him up. Once In-gong reached a certain height, he turned and looked down at the Red Lightning tribe. 
Flames and smoke blocked his view but he was able to grasp the movements through the mini-map.
‘There are troops in the centre and on the right.’
Chris and Caitlin were in those places. Even the troops who pursued In-gong were reluctant to continue and turned towards those positions. 
In-gong gritted his teeth. Chris and Caitlin popped into his head. 
Blood-crazed beasts - the lycanthrope monsters.
However, that was a story that occurred in Year 516, four years from now. Chris was still 17 and Caitlin was only 15 years old. 
“Caitlin.”
He had to save her. No, he had to help. Perhaps the reason why In-gong could escape so easily from the enemy was because the enemy troops were all heading to Chris and Caitlin. 
“Carack! Take your troops! Go and help Caitlin noona!” 
If he had to help either Chris or Caitlin, it was right to choose Caitlin. Chris was much stronger than Caitlin and the lycanthropes with him were elites. He would be able to pull himself out. 
“I understand!” 
Carack immediately responded to In-gong’s command, but Felicia was different. Her eyes widened.
"What, are you going back?” 
In-gong just nodded in response and ran after Carack. 
"Let's go!" 
“Ouh!”
"Ohhhh!"
The adrenaline had risen in the orcs after the battle, so they roared as they followed In-gong. Felicia stared after them with a bewildered expression before cursing. 
“Hey! This bastard! Go together! Let’s go together!” 
Instead of looking back, In-gong only checked the mini-map and ran. In no time at all, Felicia caught up to In-gong and called the spirit again.
"The wind! Open the path!” 
She opened a path in the raging flames for In-gong to go through. In-gong thanked Felicia in his mind and pulled out a dagger. Red Lightning orcs could be seen in front of him. 
“Carack! Pierce through!” 
“Leave me alone!” 
Carack laughed like a villain as he wielded the battle axe. Felicia sneered but she used magic and her spirit to block the enemy’s path while securing her allies’ path. 
'Really skilled.' 
In-gong was worried for Caitlin but his eyes were forced to go to the person next to him. 
Felicia didn’t use any attack magic. She used fire and wind in an appropriate manner to control the battlefield.
This was magic and this was a magician. 
As she moved among the flames, she seemed like a goddess of the battlefield. 
'How the hell was she caught?’ 
Was she captured due to a moment of carelessness? Or was there a very strong orc among the Red Lightning tribe? 
"Prince! Where should we go?” 
Carack asked while bathing in the enemy’s blood. In-gong checked the mini-map and pointed. 
"This way!"
Due to the flames, it was impossible to determine where his allies were. Therefore, he could only guess based on the movements of the enemies. 
'I’m glad it is a melee.’
The enemies were running around in a confused state. If it wasn’t a melee but a proper frontal battle, he would have suffered serious damage from bows and magic. 
“Noona! Move those flames there!” 
In-gong said while pointing to a giant blaze that was burning something unknown. Considering the circumstances, it was highly likely that Caitlin and her lycanthropes were beyond there. Piercing through was the shortest route. 
"This is my command!” 
Felicia shouted nervously as her hands moved.
“Tornado!" 
A massive amount of mana was launched. The small winds that emerged from Felicia’s fingertips became huge. It got rid of everything in its path, including the flames.
“Thank you! Noona is the best!” 
In-gong cheered while Felicia huffed with frustration. However, she seemed fairly happy as he could see a small smile on her face. 
"Let's go! Carack!” 
“Ouh!”
In-gong ran with Carack towards the vortex and Felicia hastily got rid of it. In-gong shouted as he jumped over the scattering winds.
“Caitlin! I came to rescue...!”
Kwang! 
A sudden burst swallowed all the noise, including In-gong’s cries. 
The bones and flesh of the orcs shattered, exploding all over the place. The source of the sound was the fist that destroyed the orcs and the owner of the fist was a young girl. She was surrounded by corpses that could barely be distinguished as orcs. 
“You wanted to go and save someone?” 
Felicia scoffed and Carack laughed. 
In-gong looked at the girl instead of replying. Confusion flashed in the eyes of the girl covered in orc blood but that only lasted for a moment.
“Shutra! You’re safe!” 
Caitlin Moonlight.
Even though she was young, she still laughed like a blooming flower.
Author’s Note: I feel like addressing something ㄱ=;;
1. Half of the stories I’ve written so far have one heroine. The other half were n x female (usually 2 people). 
I would like you to watch this.
2. There was a request to unify In-gong and Shutra... There is a reason for distinguishing between the two.
I will refrain on commenting about things related to future developments from now on.
See you tomorrow.
Today is a happy day :D



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 25 - Chapter 3: Rescue #8 
Caitlin wasn’t alone. Behind her, the lycanthropes were breathing harshly. Just like Caitlin, they were completely covered with the blood of the orcs. 
"Uh, um, save... No, I came to help you.” 
It was an atmosphere where he couldn’t say that he came to save her.
‘Should I have just left?’ 
The Red Lightning tribe orcs were the ones in trouble due to Caitlin and her troops. 
Caitlin wiped away the blood on her face with her hands and approached In-gong. Then she noticed Carack and Felicia behind him and cried out,
“Felicia unni!” 
No one could deny the pure emotions in her voice. 
The cry contained a mixture of worry and joy, causing Felicia to respond with an awkward expression. 
“Uh, yes. Caitlin.”
She moved her head and gazed at something else. He couldn’t be sure because he couldn’t see her facial expression, but it seemed like she was ashamed. 
Caitlin laughed brightly at the sight of Felicia and turned back to In-gong. 
“Amazing. This is a huge merit.”
It was definitely a big merit. Caitlin’s sincere praise was also pleasing but this place wasn’t very ideal. Despite being reduced, the red dots on the mini-map showed that there were still enemies. 
“Thank you. That... Noona, let’s escape quickly. Chris hyung can take care of himself.”
The 15 year old Caitlin was strong, but Chris was close to an adult and was more powerful. Moreover, he had more troops under his command, so there shouldn’t be any problems. 
Caitlin gazed in the direction where Chris was supposed to be and nodded. 
"Yes, Oppa is strong.”
She said with conviction, and after a long breath, she fixed her expression. Her expression was serious and somewhat cold again, just like the first time he saw her. 
"Shutra, lead the way. We will take the rear.”
“Understood.”
After In-gong’s reply, he immediately started running towards the Jishuka Mountains with Carack and the orcs. Felicia’s lips tightened and she ran towards the rear with the lycanthropes instead of with In-gong. This was to secure their path of retreat by controlling the flames. 
‘Isn’t she kind of sincere?’ 
She snapped whenever he asked her to do something, but grudgingly did it, so it was a little bit cute. 
Fortunately, there was no threat on the way back. Part of it was due to Felicia controlling the flames, but the number of orcs in the base also seemed to be greatly reduced.
"Won’t we be going over the mountains at this rate?” 
Once they started climbing the mountain, Felicia joined In-gong again and asked. It was a natural question for Felicia to ask since she didn’t know about the existence of the cave. 
"There is a secret passage. We just need to go a little further.” 
Carack raised his hand and pointed to the middle of the mountain when he answered. Felicia frowned but didn’t ask anymore questions. 
After a few minutes. Felicia entered the secret passage and admired the portal. 
“Dwarf characters? The cave and portal in the Jishuka Mountains were made by dwarves?” 
Her eyes shone as she asked Caitlin. Perhaps her curiosity as a magician was triggered.
Caitlin laughed and replied,
“Shutra is the one who found this cave.” 
“Shutra?” 
Felicia looked at In-gong with a frown and Caitlin also stared at him. 
It was enjoyable to have two beautiful women staring at him, but Felicia’s gaze was a little burdensome. In-gong shrugged and replied, 
"Let’s talk after we go back.” 
"Yes, we should return. The operation is a success.”
Naturally, it was Chris who spoke. In-gong, who was surprised by Chris’ sudden appearance, habitually zoomed in on the mini-map. Chris then laughed and hugged In-gong’s shoulders. 
“Oppa.” 
"Yes, Caitlin. I’m glad to know that you’re okay.” 
Although he had the blood of orcs all over his body, he didn’t seem to care. 
Chris looked at the only uncomfortable face over In-gong’s shoulder. 
"It has been a while, Felicia noonim.” (more formal version of Noona) 
His voice and expression was completely different from when he talked to Caitlin and In-gong.
In-gong swallowed his saliva involuntarily as Felicia looked up. Whether it was a blessing or misfortune, Felicia maintained a calm attitude in front of Chris. 
“It has been a while.” 
Felicia replied briefly and Chris gave a bloody smile like he found Felicia’s reaction interesting. 
In-gong intervened the two people. 
"Chris hyung, what about General Vandal?” 
In fact, he was quite curious about this. Depending on the result of the battle, the war itself could end.
"It will take a while, so let’s go back and talk. Also, Shutra, can you block the other side of the dwarf portal?” 
In-gong stuttered at Chris’ sudden question.
"Uh, it is possible.” 
He’d read that there was such a function. It was an emergency function for when the enemy seized a portal. 
The conversation flowed naturally, but there was a person who felt goosebumps. Felicia glanced at Caitlin with confusion and Caitlin smiled while replying, 
“Shutra can read dwarf characters. He is also the one who figured out how to use the portal.” 
Her expression indicated that she wanted to say ‘Amazing!’ afterwards. 
Felicia looked even more disturbed as she watched In-gong explain to Chris. 
&
“Hurry, Hyung.”
It took more time than he thought for more than 400 troops to pass through the portal. In-gong waited until the last person was through and blocked the portal, then Seira approached. 
“We have organized a place to rest. Come this way." 
They seemed to have cleaned up all the monsters and taken control of the cave. 
Seira showed them to a small room decorated like the tent. 
"Thank you, Seira. Please step back.”
At Chris’ command, Seira obediently left the room. In-gong also glanced at Carack who then left. 
Once there were only four people left in the room, Chris opened his mouth.
"General Vandal also won. I think Yakuzan gave up the battle once he saw the base burning.” 
Yakuzan was the leader of the Red Lightning tribe. 
In-gong asked Chris,
"Did Yakuzan surrender?” 
"No, they just scattered in different directions. If he gathers all the scattered Red Lightning tribe members and allies, the battle can still drag on.”
Beyond the mountain where In-gong’s group was located, there was still Kairam who was Kaichin’s brother. If the split-up troops gathered where Kairam was, their numbers would be significant.
This time, it was Caitlin who asked, 
"Oppa, is General Vandal tracking Yakuzan?” 
“Perhaps. Well, it was just mere chance that he hadn’t caught Yakuzan straight away.” 
Chris had been fighting at the base of the Red Lightning tribe the whole time. Therefore, he wouldn’t have been able to see the battle between General Vandal and Yakuzan’s army but he seemed pretty convinced the enemy was cornered. 
"Anyway, the Red Lightning tribe was hit hard by this operation. Yakuzan’s authority has cracked and you managed to rescue Felicia noonim... No matter what anyone else says, the one with the highest achievements in this mission is you, Shutra.”
Chris tapped In-gong’s shoulders while Caitlin stared at him with shining eyes. 
In-gong worried about how to answer for a moment before finally laughing.
"Thank you, it is also thanks to both of you.”
He didn’t know if it was due to the atmosphere, but the temperature of the room seemed quite warm. 
As always, Chris laughed and knocked against In-gong’s shoulder before his expression changed. His cold gaze was directed at Felicia, not In-gong. 
"Okay, now it is Noonim’s turn.” 
Felicia frowned while Caitlin stared into her eyes. 
Chris asked with a smile, 
“Why did you come here?”
“Don’t you already know?” 
"I want to hear it." 
Chris was smiling but his eyes were completely different. In-gong swallowed his saliva. 
‘Yes, this is the real Chris.’
The beast, the beast - a predator hunting his prey. 
Felicia bit her lip and sighed. She shrugged slightly and said, 
"I heard news of the battle while studying relics nearby. I came to help but went down the wrong path and ran into them. Do you need any further explanation?” 
Her words were just as expected. Perhaps, Chris also knew he wouldn’t hear anything else.
‘Is it just a quarrel? Or does he want to kill her?’ 
Either option wasn’t good for his mentality. Moreover, the person was Felicia, not Zephyr. 
He would prefer drawing her to his side, rather than hurting her feelings. 
“Hey, isn’t it time to get some rest? Isn’t everybody tired?” 
In-gong interrupted naturally and Chris nodded. 
"Yes, that’s right. Noonim can have this room. People will soon arrive with things to allow you to wash up.”
“Bah.”
Felicia snorted but didn’t express any dissatisfaction. No, it seemed like she wanted to wash up as quickly as possible.
"Then we will leave. Have a good night’s sleep, Noona.” 
In-gong hastily said goodbye to Felicia and tried to leave the room with Chris and Caitlin. It was at that moment... 
“Excuse me.” 
“Huh?”
He turned back at the call and saw Felicia who was looking away. She looked down and said in a very small voice, 
"I want to thank all three of you. I'm alive thanks to you."
“Eh?”
Chris turned back. Caitlin blinked and smiled brightly while In-gong also laughed. 
Felicia squinted at all three of them before turning away. 
"I don't know, I'm going to rest. Leave now!” 
Her back didn’t show anything, but he could see her embarrassment from how red her ears turned. 
In-gong refrained from laughing and followed Chris and Caitlin out.  
"She is still cute. She is fine even when making a mistake.” 
Chris said with a laugh as soon as they left the room. Caitlin smiled again and turned to In-gong. 
"It is a good thing. Thank you, Shutra. It is all thanks to you.”
Their actions towards Felicia seemed to tell a story. 
What was the relationship between Chris, Caitlin and Felicia? 
'It seems pretty good just looking at Caitlin and Felicia... Is the problem with Chris?’ 
He didn’t have an answer right now. Instead of worrying about it, In-gong scratched his cheek and responded to Caitlin. 
“It is the result of fighting together. All the merits are ours.” 
It might have seemed like flattery, but Caitlin nodded instead of laughing. 
Chris placed an arm over In-gong’s shoulder.
"Come, let’s wash and take a break before going to sleep. Tomorrow is likely to be quite busy.” 
Chris glanced at In-gong. It was a gaze that seemed to be testing In-gong. 
‘He isn’t talking about Yakuzan.’ 
If they were taking care of Yakuzan, there would be no reason to travel back through the portal. 
Then there was only one reason remaining. 
“Are you talking about Kairam?” 
"Yes, what reason do we have for allowing them to join Yakuzan?” 
Kaichin’s older brother, Kairam - it was his troops that were beyond the mountains and they were likely unaware of what had happened to the Red Lightning tribe’s base.
The reason they weren’t attacking now was because the soldiers were exhausted from today’s fight. 
"I am looking forward to your actions, Shutra.” 
Chris tapped In-gong before going his own way and it was the same for Caitlin. 
In-gong was left alone with Carack. 
"Prince’s room is over there. I will prepare a bath.” 
Carack was always the same. In-gong couldn’t help laughing. 
"What is it?”
“No, it’s just. I am strangely relieved.”
In-gong replied and started stretching. It had been a hard day. 
He had gained a level, built up his merits and learnt magic. 
‘I also found a new alliance candidate.’ 
In-gong glanced at the room Felicia was in and nodded. Then, he followed Carack’s footsteps.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 26 - Chapter 4: Awakening
Having a bath after a battle was fantastic, like taking a sip of water in a desert.
 'Huah, I can rest a little bit now.’ 
He just washed in hot water and could feel all the exhaustion draining away. 
 ‘Well, it might be due to the effect of levelling up.’
 He reached level 10 and all this stamina had recovered.
‘Although I still have some mental fatigue... It is good.’ 
In-gong dried his head with the towel and threw his body onto the cot. 
‘I should do some skill research instead of going to sleep.’
He activated the skills window and moved his hands through the air as he saw that the number of skills had increased significantly. 
In-gong examined the magic-based skills.
[Magic Power Control Lv1] 
[Fire Arrow Lv1] 
[Ice Arrow Lv1] 
[Heal Lv1]
'It looks good.’ 
He felt a bit of resentment due to the pain he felt when learning it.  
‘Don’t I have aura, magic and psychic power?’ 
If he obtained divine power and spirit power techniques, a truly universal character would be born. 
'However, my magic and psychic powers are still weak... The only one worth using right away is Aura.’
In-gong touched his newly acquired skill points with his fingertips. Should he choose Aura again or distribute a few points to the other side? 
'The hidden card is the psychic power.’
Among the three powers, In-gong had already revealed magic and aura power. Caitlin and Chris knew about In-gong’s aura, while Felicia found out about magic. 
‘I would like to conceal the psychic power.’ 
It would be a trump card that opponents wouldn’t be able to predict. 
‘Having a secret is a strong force in itself.’ 
In-gong nodded as he muttered and started to practice Telekinesis. Rather than pushing it all at once, he pushed it forward little by little. He had many skills, so he needed to practice them when there was a chance. 
'Sooner or later, Chris and Caitlin will be teaching me Aura and Divine Beast Right, so I should save my skill points. It would benefit me to invest them in Divine Beast Right. 
In-gong organized his thoughts and looked at the other side. There were skills that caught his eyes - he’d been unable to raise the level for these.
[Protagonist Correction Lv 2]
What was the effect of levelling up?  Surely, it didn’t just end with the skill Battlefield Protection? 
‘No, there must be something more.’ 
For example, if he increased the skill level of Aura, the attack power would increase. It would also be followed by a variety of effects. It was clear that something else must have changed with Protagonist Correction. 
'Maybe my stats will be a little higher every time I level up?’ 
Or, perhaps, something else relating to a protagonist?  
'Then, this is also an event.’ 
In-gong laughed at the thought - an event within an event. It was at that moment...
“Shutra.” 
“Huh?”
The voice of a female was heard from beyond the door. In-gong was certain that it was Felicia’s voice. 
“Shutra, can I enter?” 
‘What is happening that she comes to speak to me in the middle of the night?’ 
Don’t tell me there is a real event? 
The confused In-gong jumped out of bed.
“Uh, yes. Come in." 
The door opened as soon as In-gong replied. As he’d expected, it was Felicia who opened the door. 
"Manage your subordinate. His fighting skills are good, but his mental state is too young.” 
As soon as she came in, he could see Carack sleeping beyond the open door. 
"Carak is also tired. There are separate guards in the passage.” 
"Well, I did approach quietly.” 
Felicia shrugged and stepped in. He didn’t hear any footsteps, so it was either because she was a dark elf or it was due to magic. 
"Uh... Then... What is the matter?”
In-gong asked through the towel covering his head. Felicia had obviously just taken a bath as her hair was slightly wet and her cheeks and neck were red. 
‘Where is the dark elf outfit?’ 
Unfortunately, she wasn’t wearing the dark elf outfit that was reminiscent of a swimsuit. Instead, she was wearing the white tunic that Caitlin’s lycanthropes normally wore. 
Felicia closed the door, glanced at In-gong and ordered, 
“Take off your top.”
“Huh?” 
In-gong was bewildered. Take it off - she had suddenly ordered him to take something off!
As In-gong’s gaze filled with surprise and anticipation, Felicia sat down next to In-gong. 
"Take off your top. I’ll look at your wound. I was in a hurry and didn’t treat it properly.” 
‘Ah, it was that.’ 
In-gong sighed with relief and disappointment and took off his top without saying anything. However, he could feel a strange gaze. 
“What?”
"Uh... That... Did Shutra always have such a good body?” 
After Felicia’s words, In-gong looked down at himself. Certainly, he was still bony but his muscles were quite good. 
"I have been exercising.”
In fact, this was the effect of levelling up. His muscles would develop as his stats became higher. 
Felicia laughed and slapped In-gong’s shoulder. 
"Now, get down. Let me see your back.” 
In-gong flinched involuntarily at the words but laid down, revealing his back to Felicia. 
"Well, okay. There are no wounds. I think that the recovery magic was good.” 
There was no more pain. It was due to the recovery magic that Felicia had previously used on him. It might have been her best recovery magic. 
‘Anyway, this is an opportunity.’
It was a perfect opportunity to gain some recovery magic and he absolutely couldn’t miss it. 
"Noona, can’t you give me another recovery spell just in case?” 
"I already used Massive Heal on you. Aren’t there no wounds?” 
"Uh... It seems like there is an abnormal state.”
Felicia’s eyes widened. 
"Perhaps you have frostbite in your body? Let me look.”
Her hands glowed green as she cast a recovery spell. 
[Cure Lv1 has been learnt.]
‘Ohh!’
A recovery magic that restored normal states. Although it was lower than Recovery, which was a universal magic, it was able to restore all wounds. 
“How is it? Are you okay?” 
"Hmm, then Noona, do you have any poison healing magic?” 
“What? I don’t think the ice arrow had poison in it.” 
It was irrational but he couldn’t give up. In-gong frowned and said, 
"No, when I was fighting the orcs...”
"Were you hit somewhere?” 
"I was hit in the back but it doesn’t hurt due to Noona’s recovery magic.” 
After lying, In-gong groaned slightly and buried his face in the sheet. 
“Umm, I understand. Let me look.”
This time, the light around Felicia’s hands was purple and In-gong smiled at the sight.
[Cure Poison Lv1 has been learnt.] 
'Good, good.’ 
However, that wasn’t the end.
"A cure for diseases...”
“Shutra?” 
Felicia’s voice was somewhat cold. However, In-gong decided to push once more. 
"Please.”
"Hah, wait.” 
This time there was a yellow light. 
[Cure Disease Lv1 has been learnt.]
He had learnt three new recovery magics quickly. All three of them were invincible and useful spells. 
‘Is it impossible for anything else?’ 
He wanted to learn more, such as magic that removed curses, but it would seem strange to demand anything else. 
‘Anyway, she will just grumble if I ask for anything more.’ 
Maybe he could ask Caitlin, who was easier than Felicia. 
‘It had been impossible to understand her when I played as Zephyr.’ 
It hadn’t been a situation where Zephyr could ask Felicia for something. 
“Okay, are you fine now?”
"Yes, thank you.”
In-gong sat up and put on his top again. Felicia glanced at him and laughed quietly. 
"You have become quite muscular and manly. You even learnt magic. Do you like it now?” 
Fortunately, Felicia didn’t ask In-gong about the magic he used today. When thinking about it, it was the inevitable result. It wasn’t strange for a child of the Demon King to know how to use magic. 
‘What is the relationship between Shutra and Felicia? Looking at Felicia, isn’t the relationship similar to the one between a chicken and a cow?’ 
It didn’t seem to be a close friendship. If not, this conversation would’ve been different. 
‘It isn’t bad.’ 
It seemed like she felt quite favourable towards In-gong. It seemed possible to drag her into his faction.
'Don’t rush it.’ 
There was no hurry. The announcement of factions would take place in a year or two and that was when the confrontation between the children of the Demon King would start. 
“By the way, Shutra.” 
“Huh?”
“Chris... Caitlin, when did you get so friendly with them? Ah, were you this close originally?” 
'Felicia will come naturally.’ 
She was awkward around Chris but the other parts were as usual. 
'Is Chris also uncomfortable? And... What is with this talk?’ 
Just as In-gong saw Felicia as an alliance candidate, Felicia seemed to see In-gong as an alliance candidate and wanted to attract him.
‘Isn't that it? Or is she just curious?’ 
There were various ways to interpret the situation. Instead of thinking deeply, In-gong answered lightly, 
"No, I befriended them after coming here.”
That was true. It was much better to tell the truth instead of lying. 
"Hmm, is that so?” 
Felicia smiled and stood up. 
"I will go now. You should go to sleep."
Felicia had a strange and brusque way of speaking. 
“Yes. Noona, have a good night’s sleep.”
He wanted to ask about her relationship with Chris and Caitlin, as well as the spirits, but In-gong wasn’t too greedy. He waited until Felicia closed the door and lay down on the bed again. 
“Cure.” 
He muttered and a small green light appeared at his fingertips. Although the magic power consumption was considerable, he couldn’t help smiling. 
‘I’ve figured something out.’
Felicia stated that she’d used Massive Heal, yet In-gong only learned Heal Lv1.
‘Massive Heal is a skill that is automatically learnt when Heal reaches Lv5. It is natural to learn the skill from Lv1.’ 
Despite this, In-gong was still smiling because it was understandable. 
It didn’t matter about the level. To be honest, it was still a fraudulent ability. He just learnt three new spells. 
‘Okay, then shall I continue practicing?’ 
In-gong settled his mind and used Telekinesis again.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 27 - Chapter 4: Awakening #2
"Kairam is moving.”
 The next morning, Chris spoke to everyone who had gathered in one place. 
 “I think his main priority will be to join Yakuzan. Before the day becomes bright, we need to be prepared to launch maneuvers.” 
He clicked his tongue at the end of his words.
 ‘If I’d woken up late and missed it, would he have allowed me to sleep?’
Getting up late was always a welcome thing, but it would certainly be a shame to let Kairam go. 
Felicia made a ‘hah’ sound and asked with a little bit of provocation. 
"Can’t you take care of them on your own?” 
Chris laughed wildly. His face was obviously a human but his eyes were like a wild beast. 
Felicia didn’t avoid his gaze while Caitlin looked between the both of them with uneasy eyes. Fortunately, Chris shifted his gaze first. Chris sighed and shrugged slightly before explaining. 
"These guys are acting faster than I expected. Even their withdrawal is orderly. I’ve been keeping an eye on him and would have struck if there was a chance but... I judged it was better not to. Kairam is more competent than I thought.”
The battle last night was definitely a big hit. Even so, the troops in this area hadn’t received any damage. Additionally, while the lycanthropes were full of health, the orcs had no regenerative power. Striking blindly with cornered troops could increase the damage. 
‘They can also escape through the cave.’ 
Thanks to the cave, they could move directly using the shortest distance. However, that short distance was also a problem. 
Felicia pouted after hearing Chris’ explanation and nodded. 
“Well, if that is the situation.” 
In the first place, Felicia wasn’t in a rush. There was no need to argue. 
“Then what will you do now?” 
Caitlin asked Chris. Chris replied by moving the models on the battlefield map. 
"General Vandal contacted me. Yakuzan seems to be attempting a last hurrah here. This is Kairam’s path.” 
The orc models of the Red Lightning tribe were moved to the southeast. It was the edge of the Jishuka Mountains. 
"For now, we will join General Vandal and shatter the Red Lightning tribe.” 
The three models of In-gong, Caitlin and Chris, that seemed more realistic than others, were moved to Vandal’s model. 
The dwarf portal and cave weren’t connected to this section of the Jishuka Mountains and the enemies were gathered in one place. Therefore, there was no need to divide the troops. 
Chris added like it was an afterthought,
"Ah, the dark elves are with Vandal, so they will meet you when we join up.”
Right now, she had no attendants but Felicia had originally led over 100 dark elves. 
Felicia hesitated before asking Chris. 
"May I know the number of casualties?” 
It was completely different from her normal expression. Due to that, Chris replied more softly than his previous cold tone. 
"I haven’t been sent the details but... honestly, there seems to be a lot of damage. They fought pretty hard for Noonim.” 
That was for certain. The sight of the dark elves struggling recklessly against a large number of enemies was still in In-gong’s head. 
Felicia’s expression darkened but it was only for a moment. She soon returned to her usual expression like she didn’t want to show any weaknesses.
Chris’ face became strangely relieved and he said to In-gong, Caitlin and Felicia. 
"I’m going to do some miscellaneous things that are required. In the meantime, Caitlin should start teaching Shutra Aura and Beast Authority.” 
"Yes, I understand.” 
Caitlin responded positively. In-gong had been looking forward to this, so his expression brightened. 
It was at that moment... 
“Wait, you are teaching him Aura? Shutra, do you know Aura?” 
Felicia asked, blinking with shock. 
A child of the Demon King could use magic, but Aura was different. Now, In-gong- Shutra knew how to use Aura?
“Uh... yes.”
In-gong smiled awkwardly. ‘Isn’t it great?’ - Caitlin was happy despite being interrupted but Felicia’s eyes were different from usual. 
‘Is that greed in her eyes?’ 
It was similar to how Chris looked at In-gong. 
‘If I look into the abyss, will I see it looking back? 
It was slightly different from Nietzsche’s saying, but In-gong thought of similar words. Just as In-gong coveted Felicia, Felicia also coveted In-gong. 
'The problem is that we are in different factions.’
Who would win? 
In-gong left the room with Caitlin while Felicia followed them.
&
Among the lycanthropes, the proportion of warriors was overwhelmingly high. 
The reason was due to the hand techniques of the lycanthropes. 
The lycanthropes’ hand techniques alone were powerful weapons. If they had a natural weapon in the form of their hands, there was no need for weapons. 
In addition to that, there was another decisive reason.
‘Apart from hand techniques, their sizes can change.’
It was the same for Caitlin’s aide, Seira. 
Her height was quite tall at 170cm, but it was nothing compared to when she was transformed. In that state, her height was close to two metres and her hands and feet were almost twice as big as when she was human. 
There weren’t many changes to Seira aside from becoming oversized. However, there were some who could grow to at least three metres tall. 
Therefore, in order to use a weapon, the lycanthropes would have to carry both human and lycanthrope form weapons at the same time. This was inconvenient and inefficient. Moreover, the weapons for the lycanthrope form were too large and heavy for their human forms to carry.
Anyway, this was the reason why there were so many warriors among the lycanthropes and most of them learnt the same thing.
Beast Authority. 
A martial art that was the symbol of the lycanthropes. 
"It should be obvious but there are quite a few factions among the Beast Authority technique. Shutra should pick the one most suited to you.” 
As usual, Caitlin was wearing leather armour and she explained it step by step. 
There were two reasons why Caitlin chose to teach him Beast Authority first. 
One, Caitlin and Chris had originally learn Beast Authority first. 
The 4th Queen Elaine Moonlight was a werewolf, so those with her blood naturally learned the werewolf faction of Beast Authority. 
Two, Beast Authority was used as a base for Divine Beast Authority.
The royal family of the lycanthropes were primarily composed of werewolves. If he wanted to learn Divine Beast Authority, it was natural to learn Beast Authority first. 
In-gong knew the situation and nodded. Caitlin continued, 
"Beast Authority uses both External Force Aura and Internal Strength Aura. Today, I will teach you basic aura management using Internal Strength Aura.”
Beast Authority wasn’t simply something that used the toughness of the body. Through the unique aura management method, the performance of the physical body and the destructive power of the technique would be enhanced. 
'Is this like a martial art in a novel?’ 
Thinking about it, he felt It was pretty similar. It was possible to think of aura management as a type of technique.
“Does Felicia unni want to learn? Unni can learn it as well.”
Caitlin suddenly asked Felicia who was sitting in a corner. Both In-gong and Felicia were confused by her question. 
“Huh? Ah... No, I’m fine. I’ll just watch.”
Felicia laughed awkwardly and waved her hands. It was definitely softer than the way she treated Chris. 
‘It is ironic.’ 
Basically, the children of the Demon King weren’t nice to each other unless they were from the same family or in the same faction. He also didn’t know the reason why Chris and Felicia were growling at each other. 
However, Caitlin wanted to get along with her half-siblings. That sentiment was especially true in regards to In-gong. 
'By the way, Caitlin isn’t a child of the Demon King.’
Did Caitlin truly not know that she wasn’t the child of the Demon King?
“Now, Shutra, follow the way I induce my aura.”
Caitlin approached while he was thinking. In-gong locked hands with Caitlin and nodded. Caitlin said again, 
"Close your eyes and find your aura. I’ll start.”
Caitlin’s blue aura started to guide In-gong’ white aura. 
Aura. 
Life force - it was close to the power of the soul and it became the power of the soul once it reached the limit. 
[Passive Skill - Protagonist Body Lv1 has been learnt.]
‘Huh?’
In-gong naturally flinched while moving his aura. 
‘W-what?’ 
Protagonist Body. 
In-gong opened his eyes and hurriedly activated the skills window.
Author's Note: 
Comment 1) I received a question... Shutra’s name comes from Dhrutharashṭa (One of the four Guardian Kings in Buddhism. Leader of the gandharva).
See you tomorrow.
Today is a happy day :D



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 28 - Chapter 4: Awakening #3 
Just like Below the King’s Flag was under the Conquest skill, Protagonist Body was directly below Protagonist Correction. 
 [Protagonist Body Lv1] 
Lv1: When learning skills, the body’s efficiency will increase greatly. 
Lv2: ??? 
Lv3: ??? 
Lv4: ??? 
Lv5: ??? 
If the skill reached the next level, he would be able to see new features.
‘Indeed, a protagonist.’ 
He didn’t have the body of a demon but the body of a protagonist. Moreover, the effect was truly like a protagonist’s, even though the skill was only level one. 
‘This isn’t an effect of Protagonist Correction’s level rising.’ 
It seemed like acquiring Beast Authority had activated the skill. 
‘If I keep increasing the level, will it be better than Zephyr’s Body Guard or Locke’s Blood of a Warrior?’ 
Both were passive skills that used magic and divine power respectively.
[Beast Authority Lv1 has been learnt.] 
Thus far, nothing significant had changed. He learnt Basic Swordsmanship by swinging a sword once. The speed of how fast he could train was the key. 
"Shutra, pay attention.” 
Caitlin said as she applied a little bit of pressure to his hands. She still had her eyes closed but she was making a solemn expression. 
In-gong closed his eyes again and focused on Caitlin’s aura. After going around the circuit five times, Caitlin slowly loosened her hands. 
"Follow the route I just taught you. I will now teach you the eight basic movements of Beast Authority. Pay attention to my breathing.” 
Cailin moved back a few steps and slowly moved her limbs. Her movements were very slow because it was a display for In-gong.
In-gong wasn’t well-versed in martial arts, but he had some degree of awareness about Caitlin’s demonstration in front of him. She needed to have a certain degree of mastery in the martial art technique in order to demonstrate it slowly like this. 
Caitlin demonstrated three of the basic movements before looking at In-gong. 
“You don’t have to do everything. Just try these three first.”
In-gong moved his hands and feet in a manner similar to Caitlin’s. Since Beast Authority was already Lv1, there wasn’t much difficulty in following the basic movements. 
However, In-gong felt completely different from when he used Basic Swordsmanship or Dagger Throwing.
In-gong’s aura responded to his movements. 
‘This is Aura.’ 
So far, it followed everything he had already known. It was a force that was completely different which moved within the bones and muscles of his arms and legs. 
‘This is Beast Authority.’
His hands were bare but it felt like he was holding a weapon. He felt like he could smash rocks with his bare hands. 
This was aura based martial arts. 
In-gong could understand why Chris and Caitlin were surprised when he awakened Aura.
It was a miracle. The presence of an aura itself caused a dramatic gap in combat power.
He suddenly got goosebumps. 
Beast Authority was only Lv1 while Aura was Lv3. Nevertheless, In-gong felt like there were still quite a large gap. 
He had seen how ferocious and strong Caitlin was. 
Furthermore, In-gong’s own enemy, Zephyr, was the strongest among the Demon King’s children. 
In-gong had only learnt a few minor magic spells. 
Even in the world where In-gong had lived originally, the gap between individual people would be enormous depending on the training. There was magic and aura in this world, so the strength of an individual would be able to transcend In-gong’s imagination. 
‘I have to become stronger.’
He was motivated by a desire to survive . He calmed his heart and noticed that everything around him was silent. 
 Caitlin and Felicia were staring at In-gong. 
In-gong hurriedly asked Caitlin,
"Uh, is something wrong?” 
Were his movements wrong? Were his punches and kicks not powerful? 
Caitlin blinked a few times at In-gong’s question before replying hastily,
"No, well done. Shutra is amazing. The basic movements of Beast Authority were done correctly.” 
All three movements correctly demonstrated Aura. They were only the basic movements, but they weren’t easy. 
“You- you are Shutra, right?” 
A voice was heard from behind him. In-gong looked around and saw Felicia’s face full of confusion and doubt. 
She didn’t know how to use Aura but she wasn’t ignorant about it. Her brother Silvan had an incredibly strong aura. 
Looking at it objectively, In-gong was at an ordinary level. He just followed the basic movements that Caitlin did. 
However, it was learnt immediately afterwards and the person doing it was Shutra. 
'No, that is a bias. Didn’t I see him fight yesterday? Learning aura is separate from martial arts.’
Felicia regained her stability. When she thought about it properly, it wasn’t a big deal. Shutra was also a child of the Demon King. He was old enough to show his skills. 
“Felicia noona?” 
"No, I’m just a little surprised. Continue.”
Felicia sat back down in the corner with a little bit of embarrassment. 
"Well, shall we continue?” 
Caitlin asked awkwardly and In-gong nodded. Felicia also looked awkward due to the disturbance. 
Everyone felt slightly awkward for a different reason.
"Prince! We are starting!” 
The rough voice blew away the awkwardness and In-gong smiled widely at the owner of the voice. 
"Uh... W-why are you looking like that?” 
It wasn’t just In-gong but Caitlin and Felicia as well. 
In-gong laughed at Carack’s words. 
“It’s just great to see you.”
Carack was full of doubts but he was an exemplary orc and didn’t ask any questions.
&
After moving through the dwarf portal and the destroyed base of the Red Lightning tribe, the soldiers starting marching towards the east. 
All of the infantry troops consisted of orcs and lycanthropes, so the marching speed was quite fast. 
In-gong was moving right next to Caitlin. Thanks to the power of Protagonist Body, Beast Authority was already level three despite it only being three days since he learnt it. 
Felicia watched In-gong and Caitlin train for two whole days, but unlike the first day, she didn’t intervene. 
'Her eyes just shone.’
Did she think that In-gong had already been caught by Chris? So, that was why In-gong showed himself off to Felicia?
‘Or is there something else?’ 
The reason not known. He couldn’t ask Chris directly, so In-gong just spent the time getting to know Caitlin and Felicia. He had decided to keep watching. 
On the 4th day, In-gong finally met Vandal. 
‘Big.’ 
Although Vandal’s camp was big, the most impressive thing was Vandal and his tent. 
The ogre’s private tent was at least six metres tall and under its ceiling was where the red-haired Vandal was located. Vandal seemed even bigger thanks to his broad shoulders. It wouldn’t seem strange if Vandal’s head managed to hit the moon in the sky. 
Just looking simply at his height, he was at least twice as tall as In-gong. Vandal turned towards those gathered in the tent and bowed.
“Welcome. I am Vandal.”
A growl-like voice came from him. 
Chris responded with a slight nod while Caitlin smiled at Vandal. 
Vandal glanced to the side toward Felicia. 
“6th Princess, it has been a while.” 
"Your tone is still the same. Yes, it has been a while.” 
Felicia answered confidently as usual. It seemed like they had met several times before.
“This is... the 9th Prince?” 
Vandal tilted his head like he wasn’t certain. It seemed like this was our first meeting. 
‘Vandal.’ 
He was one of five subordinates in Knight Saga that In-gong absolutely had to obtain. 
The other four were fairly friendly monsters. In-gong held out his hand for a handshake. 
“Nice to meet you, Vandal. I am Shutra.” 
Vandal seemed somewhat perplexed, but he soon laughed and shook In-gong’s hands. 
"It is also nice to meet you.”
In-gong’s and Vandal’s hands looked completely different. However, Chris nodded like he was satisfied and Caitlin gave a warm smile. Felicia was the only one who looked confused. 
After Vandal finished greeting In-gong, he gave an order. 
"Bring the dark elves.” 
Soon, the tent door opened and one dark elf appeared. 
“Royal Princess!” 
"Delia!” 
A black-haired dark elf, wearing a swimsuit-like outfit similar to Felicia’s, fell to her knees before Felicia.
"It is fortunate that you aren’t hurt, Your Highness.” 
"I’m glad that you’re okay, Delia”
Felicia replied in a humble voice towards her subordinate. 
It was a pretty sight but Felicia didn’t keep it up for long. 
Felicia arranged her expression and repeated the name in a louder voice. 
“Delia.”
The woman- Delia understood what Felicia’s call meant. She bowed her head towards In-gong’s party.
“Please forgive my rudeness. I am Delia Trident, an assistant to the 6th Royal Princess.”
She seemed to be three years older than Caitlin and Seira. Chris replied on behalf of the party. 
"I forgive you.” 
Then he turned his gaze towards Felicia who then clasped Delia’s shoulder lightly and said, 
"Collect the troops. There are things to do.” 
“I understand, Your Highness.” 
Delia wiped her tears before stepping back. 
Vandal watched quietly and spoke as soon as the tent door closed.
"Then I will talk about it straight away.” 
Like the other things in the tent, the battlefield map on the table was also great. Fortunately, the table itself was ordinary. 
Rather than Vandal’s huge body moving, a soldier moved the orc models on the battlefield instead. 
As described earlier by Chris, the Red Lightning tribe were at the edge of the Jishuka Mountains. In the southeastern area where the Red Lightning tribe was, there was a huge swamp. Once that swamp was crossed, it would be the Human World. 
"Their numbers are estimated to be approximately 3,000-5,000. There will be more if we add the women, but that is approximately the number of people that can fight.” 
"Have the troops joined together?” 
Vandal frowned at Chris’ question.
"They are gathered here and here. It would be nice if we could defeat each one, but the size of the troops is too ambiguous. They can break up and scatter.” 
At Vandal’s words, the moving units were broken up into small troops that couldn’t be seen. One of the largest forces was Kairam’s but their movements were too elusive. 
Chris gazed at the battlefield map and nodded. 
"We just have to move before they join up. If we take care of Yakuzan, they will break down.”
The purpose of the expedition wasn’t the total massacre of the Red Lightning tribe. It was to take care of the ringleaders and tear the tribe apart. 
"When will a battle be possible?” 
In response to Chris’ inquiry, Vandal placed his hand directly on the map.
"We can move tomorrow morning.”
Vandal’s rough hands pushed the models of the Red Lightning tribe.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 29 - Chapter 4: Awakening #4 
Chapter 29 - Chapter 4: Awakening #4
"Don’t train today and go to bed early.” 
Carack said as they returned to the tent after finishing the meeting with Vandal and having dinner. In the last three days, he had been training hard in the tent through the night. 
Tomorrow, he would be going out to the battlefield, so he wouldn’t worry about growing today. 
In-gong understood his meaning and nodded. 
"I understand, I understand. What are you, my nanny?” 
"Isn’t it similar?” 
Carack responded naturally and In-gong couldn’t refute it. When he thought about it, It did seem similar. 
‘As expected of Carack - he is a logical orc.’
This was all because he was worried about In-gong. 
In-gong raised a finger and said.
"Today, I will only do one basic set.”
A basic set consisted of doing the Beast Authority’s basic movements three times, Aura training 30 times, moving objects with Telekinesis 50 times and casting magic spells 10 times. Of course, Carack only knew that he was training basic skills and aura circulation. 
Carack’s expression was serious but he nodded. 
“I understand - as long as it is only one set.”
“Yes, yes.” 
Carack left the tent and In-gong started circulating his aura. 
'Rather than stopping, I want to do it even more diligently. If I studied like this, would I have made it into Seoul National University?’
In fact, he was forced to work hard. Things might seem like they have gone well so far, but he had already experienced an almost fatal crisis twice. There was a chance that there would be many more crises in the future. 
Furthermore, he found the training interesting. 
Thanks to Protagonist Body, he was able to see the skill levels going up with constant training. Every time the skill level went up, Beast Authority became more elaborate while Aura and Telekinesis became stronger. The visible achievements increased his motivation. 
'Be strong. I want to be strong.’ 
It wasn’t just to win against Zephyr. In-gong simply wanted to become stronger. 
It was a world where he could become strong enough to oppose a country’s army. There was no law that dictated In-gong couldn’t become like that. No, he would become like that. 
He was able to imagine Zephyr’s strength after awakening Aura and as a result, he felt fear. In fact, In-gong couldn’t imagine going against Zephyr’s strength.
However, it was different now. It felt like he was climbing a mountain, but he was convinced he could do it. 
Someday he would see the summit and he would stand on top of it! 
'Uhh, I got distracted. Let’s practice.
In-gong settled his thoughts and started to perform the basic movements of Beast Authority with a calm mind. 
The important thing right now wasn’t Zephyr, but tomorrow’s battle against the Red Lightning tribe.
&
A white-haired woman wearing a golden crown was facing a woman with red, flame-like hair. 
They seemed to be staring at each other, chatting lightly. 
In-gong looked at the two people and the two hazy people became a bit clearer. In-gong could see the clothes they were wearing. 
The white woman wore clothes reminiscent of a priest’s garments. It was similar to the pope’s outfit he saw on the Internet. 
The red woman was wearing armour. The light red armour was worn over dark red tights. 
Conquest and War. 
As soon as those two words entered his mind, the white woman and the red woman turned toward In-gong.
"Prince! Wake up! I told you to go to bed early, but did you stay up late again?” 
Carack’s rough voice shook his eardrums. In-gong was pulled from his sleep and he opened his eyes. 
“Uh, no. I just had a little... What, it isn’t even that late!” 
He glanced at the clock next to the mini-map and saw that it was 5 o’clock in the morning. However, Carack pulled down In-gong’s blanket. 
"Anyway, hurry up. We have to be ready to go after eating breakfast.”
It seemed like he was really looking forward to this. Moreover, he was only an orc but he was being overly rude to a prince. 
‘Well, this is Carack.’
In-gong got up and washed with the water Carack prepared. The cold morning air, like the cold water, cleared away all his sleepiness. However, the images were still clear in his head. 
‘What was that? That red woman?’ 
She was the same as the white woman but different. She was as beautiful as the white woman, however, she didn’t feel like a person. 
He felt some type of familiarity with the white woman but he felt hostile toward the red woman. 
Why? What was In-gong’s relationship with them?
"Prince, let’s go. We can’t be later than the other prince and princesses. Prince is the youngest.”
The orc warrior Carack once again interrupted In-gong’s thoughts. In-gong took a deep breath, calmed his mind and left the tent. First of all, the battle with the Red Lightning tribe took priority. 
After a simple breakfast in Vandal’s tent, the last strategy meeting was held. 
The formation and arrangement of each unit was somewhat complicated, but the basic operation itself was simple. 
A rotation formation in a direct confrontation between two sides. 
Vandal’s troops would be in the centre, while Chris and Caitlin would lead lycanthropes on the right side. Felicia and the dark elves would be in the rear to take advantage of their mobility. 
In-gong and the orc unit would be located to the left side.
There was an instant reaction once the expedition started marching. They were ready for battle because they had already guessed it would occur here. 
It felt like hours had passed. Once he recovered his spirit, he was standing in the middle of a battlefield where thousand of people were gathered. 
“Are you nervous?” 
Carack asked from beside In-gong as he watched the green wave of the Red Lightning tribe. In-gong was riding a giant wolf instead of a horse, but Carack was so tall that they were a similar height.
"You?” 
"Of course, I am nervous.” 
Carack laughed, but In-gong didn’t laugh along. Thanks to the familiar voice, his nerves eased a little bit.
It was different from when he struck the main base of the Red Lightning tribe. In Romance of the Three Kingdoms, hundreds of thousands of soldiers would come out only to have several thousand survive. He felt stifled by the thought of everyone fighting at the same time. 
"Stick with me.”
“Yes.”
In-gong finally smiled at Carack and looked towards the front. A large horn sounded from Vandal’s main troops. 
“Advance!” 
“Advance!" 
Every unit started to move forward uniformly. There was a great shout from the Red Lightning tribe’s side as well.
Up to this point, everything was going as expected. Now, the two forces could just collide with each other. 
Then something happened. 
“Kueeeeeh!” 
“Kiaaaaaaah!" 
Fierce roars were heard from the rear of the Red Lightning tribe and the entire battlefield was shaken. At the same time, a haze formed over the Red Lightning tribe and a massive amount of magic power shot into the sky. 
Kwang! Kwang! Kwang!
A mass of magic power poured down like a meteor shower over hundreds of metres. Every time a mass of magic power hit the ground, it would explode and flames went on to cover the ground.
Dozens of giant monsters suddenly appeared between the Red Lightning tribe. There were screams from the expeditionary troops as the magic burst around them.
"Swamp mammoth?” 
A huge monster living in a swamp. As the name suggested, it looked like a mammoth. However, the size wasn’t comparable to a mammoth as the length of the monster was over 20 metres. It was a troublesome monster. 
The awful thing about the swamp mammoth wasn’t its size. It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that the magic fired from a swamp mammoth was like a deadly siege weapon.
‘How?’ 
A swamp mammoth was a monster that was nearly impossible to domesticate. 
"Stick together. Don’t let them shoot the magic!” 
Someone shouted loudly. It was a reasonable opinion when looking at it from an objective point of view. In the case of a melee, they wouldn’t be able to avoid friendly fire. 
However, would the swamp mammoth and orcs care about friendly fire?
Moreover, the swamp mammoth wasn’t simply a monster that shot magic. The swamp mammoth’s roar had the power to break the will of the opponent. 
There was no time to think. Magic continued to hit and the damage to his allies was growing. The wolf carrying In-gong started to go crazy and the orcs around him also gave shouts of fear. 
"Prince! Get off the wolf!” 
Carack yelled and In-gong jumped off the wolf. The wolf ran away and was swept up in a magic explosion. 
“Charge.” 
“Charge.”
The cry came from among the Red Lightning tribe. The swamp mammoths advanced while monsters with the head of a lizard came running out from among the orcs.
“Lizardmen!” 
Swamp monsters. 
In-gong now realized. The Red Lightning tribe hadn’t come here for no reason. It was because they believed they could direct the monsters in the swamp. Moreover, they had hid the power until just before the battle. 
"Prince! Stay behind me!” 
Carack shouted toward In-gong. 
A terrible battle had begun.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 30 - Chapter 4: Awakening #5 
Kill, die, break. 
There were screams and shouts as both armies engaged with each other and magic power poured out. 
Swords moved blindly all over the place. A spear entered the back of an orc warrior and killed the enemy in front of him, while the spear owner was being trampled by a swamp mammoth.
It was difficult to breathe. It was much harder to think rationally. 
In-gong clenched his teeth and focused. He only listened to Carack’s voice and raised his aura like flames. 
He had to survive. In order to do that, he had to mobilize everything he had. 
In-gong activated the mini-map as his fist slammed into the orc in front of him. The flow of the fight was obvious. 
In-gong guided Carack along the flow while Carack protected In-gong. In this dizzying battlefield, he’d grabbed the best position. 
His fists were bruised and bloody while his ears pricked at every loud noise. In-gong cast a recovery spell on Carack and restored his breathing. 
The battlefield was changing as the Red Lightning tribe started to push and the expedition withdrew.
On the battlefield, where swords wete swinging blindly, there was no way for everyone to survive. In-gong moved with the flow once again. Finally, he saw Carack’s legs stop moving. 
Once he stopped, it meant the battle was over. 
The expeditionary army had been completely defeated.
&
The Red Lightning tribe didn’t pursue the expedition. Due to the nature of the swamp mammoth, they had strong attack power but a limited range of movement per day.
The damage to the expedition forces was enormous. As a result of a single day of battle, approximately one third of the troops were killed or injured and unable to fight.
In fact, it was a miracle that the damage wasn’t larger. Without Vandal and Chris, as well as Felicia’s magic support, the troops would literally have been wiped out. 
"We were complacent.” 
Chris said to the small gathering of key personnel. 
They had laughed at the Red Lightning orcs. 
They never imagined that swamp monsters would have joined them. They didn’t even think that they would have the magic and ability to hide the huge swamp mammoths. 
They had been too drunk on their victory. 
"Well, it is lucky that none of us were seriously injured or killed.”
Felicia shrugged and replied. Due to her desire to lighten the mood, she kept her voice upbeat. 
At Felicia’s words, Chris bit his lip and couldn’t say anything. It was because he was reminded of his words when arguing about rescuing Felicia. 
Chris was clearly stumped by Felicia. He never thought he would be made to feel like this. 
Caitlin, who had always wanted to be close to Felicia, gazed at her with a touched expression in her eyes. Meanwhile, Felicia turned her gaze away like she wanted to avoid the pure light from Caitlin. In-gong was able to smile at the sight of both of them. 
However, that didn’t change the fact that they had been defeated. Both the lycanthropes and dark elves had suffered great damage. 
"We can’t win in this state.” 
Vandal said. His voice wasn’t filled with hopelessness or defeat. It was just a cold evaluation.
"We must either physically test our troops or ask for reinforcements from the Demon King’s Palace.” 
It was a default declaration of defeat. 
The expedition force had been defeated. This meant that all the merits of the Demon King’s children would be buried. Rather, they were likely to be blamed for the defeat.
Achievements were important for the children of the Demon King, due to the fact that they were assessed on all activities and their treatment varied according to the outcome. If this expedition ended in defeat, the children of the Demon King, including Chris, would be hit with a considerable political blow. 
“It can’t be helped. I can’t kill my subordinates just because of my irrational ambition.”
Chris said with a bitter sigh. Right now, there was no way to overturn the situation without receiving bigger losses. 
“I’m sorry, Shutra.”
In-gong was the one with the most merits on this expedition. It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that his treatment in the palace would have changed drastically due to this battle. 
In-gong shook his head at Chris’ words. 
“No, it is okay.”
It would just return In-gong to his starting point. Moreover, he had built an alliance with Chris and Caitlin and learnt many things through this expedition. The fact that he couldn’t use the library in the Demon King’s Palace for a while was painful, but it was unavoidable. 
"I understand. Then I will dispatch some troops and get the opinion of the Demon King’s Palace.” 
Vandal declared and Chris and Caitlin nodded toward him with gloomy expressions. 
It was at that moment… 
“Excuse me, I have an idea...”
Felicia raised her small hand. She sounded a little unsure. 
"Speak up, 6th Princess. Tell me directly.” 
At Vandal’s request, Felicia coughed lightly. Everyone, especially Chris, was looking at her. 
"The reason I came here in the first place was to explore some ruins.” 
“So?” 
Chris asked immediately. Felicia removed the models on the battlefield map and pointed to the edge of the Jishuka Mountains.
“Originally, my destination was here at the edge of the Jishuka Mountains. I was doing research on the lair of the wyrm Enkidu that was here 1,500 years ago.” 
In the first place, Felicia’s achievements had not been based on combat. Her specialties were in non-combat areas such as research and exploration. 
"Enkidu used many methods to protect his treasures. The theory that the swamp mammoth is a combat chimera made by Enkidu is widespread in the academic world. It is the reason why the swamp mammoths only exist in this area, when there are many swamps in the Demon World.”
Felicia’s slender fingers moved gently over the map of the entire Jishuka Mountains. 
“The dwarves who lived in the Jishuka Mountains are also among Enkidu’s treasure keepers. Enkidu made weapons for the dwarves to protect his treasures.” 
After speaking, Felicia pulled out a piece of parchment from a small bag. 
"Thunder Light Anvil.”
The yellow parchment depicted an octagonal altar surrounded by eight dwarf stone statues with large bases. 
“Not only can it be used to control the chimera, is is also a weapon capable of destruction. I came here to look for it.”
There was nothing more to explain. Vandal asked. 
"There is a weapon like that around here?” 
“According to my research, yes. And I am almost certain of it. I joined the expedition in the middle because the Red Lightning tribe was interfering.”
Felicia looked at Chris who seemed to be thinking. 
Worrying about it, Chris shook his head.
"It is too much. We can’t hang the fate of everyone on a sudden treasure hunt.”
He wasn’t ignoring Felicia. Chris just needed a little more incentive. 
“There is the Thunder Light Anvil.”
“Shutra?”
In-gong was convinced. In the past, he had encountered the Thunder Light Anvil before. 
When he played Locke as the main character in Knight Saga, his goal had been to defeat the Demon King and regain peace. 
Due to this, there was an event where they had to travel through the Jishuka Mountains and the swamp area to enter the Demon World. 
'It was horrible.’
The combination of the swamp mammoths and Thunder Light Anvil was vicious. As the passage was narrow, there was no way to avoid an enormous amount of damage when passing through. 
‘I thought it was a weapon mobilized by a magician, but it was actually built around an ancient ruin.’ 
If so, they had to use it. Like Felicia said, if they obtained the Thunder Light Anvil, they would be able to overturn the situation. 
'But I can’t say that I saw it in a game.’
He had to convince them in some other way. 
In-gong swallowed his saliva and opened his mouth. 
"When I was studying dwarf characters, I came across this story. A similar story was told among the gandharva. Moreover, I don’t think Felicia noona would do a fake study.”
The words poured out. If he had told this story the first time they met, he would have been seen as crazy. However, it was different now. 
In-gong had proven it by reading the dwarf characters and through his own performance. The bit about the gandharva, that nobody could confirm, was a convincing argument. 
After In-gong’s words, Felicia pointed to an area on the map and said,
"The entrance to the ruins is likely to be in this vicinity. If we get our hands on the weapons, we can shatter the swamp mammoth.” 
Felicia finished talking and laughed at In-gong. In-gong laughed along with her. 
Vandal frowned at the map before turning towards Felicia. 
"6th Princess, I can’t give you much time. At most, the limit is a day or two.”
"General Vandal?” 
Chris was amazed. Vandal declared without any hesitation,
"I will try the path of the 6th Princess and 9th Prince. Even if there is no way, I don’t want to run away like this.” 
Despite there being four Demon King’s children here, Vandal was the one in charge. 
Chris sighed. 
“Felicia noonim, how many troops are required?” 
"I don’t need a lot because we are exploring ruins. Rather, a minor group of 10 or less will be better.”
Felicia replied quickly. Chris had no choice but to look at In-gong beside Felicia.
"Shutra, find the ruins with Felicia noonim.” 
Chris believed that In-gong was his man as In-gong had demonstrated that he would be a big help through his performance in the dwarf cave. 
In-gong nodded. 
“I understand. Can Caitlin noona come along?” 
It wasn’t because he wanted her to go with them or because she was strong. It was because Caitlin’s power was necessary to find the Thunder Light Anvil. 
"I will go with you.” 
Caitlin answered instantly. There was a strong will in both of her eyes.
Chris had no choice but to allow it.
"Okay, I will hold on as long as possible with Vandal. They won’t be able to commit the swamp mammoths to every battle.” 
The weakness of the swamp mammoths was revealed in today’s battle. The distance they could travel was limited, so there were many difficulties in using them for aggressive raids. 
Vandal asked Felicia,
"There isn’t a lot of time. Can you start right now?” 
"But do you want to go?
Felicia shrugged and turned towards In-gong, who responded.
“I have to go.”
Everyone’s gaze moved to a point on the map.
TL Note: Just a small edit to the last chapter. 'Dozens' of monsters appeared rather than thousands. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 31 - Chapter 4: Awakening #6 
It was immediately after the battle and their defeat, so everyone was exhausted. However, there was no time to delay. 
Chris distributed health potions to In-gong, who handed them over to Carack. In-gong then ate a few pieces of jerky and headed to Felicia’s tent. 
Caitlin had already arrived at the tent of Felicia, who was the captain of this ruins exploration.
There weren’t many people gathered in the tent because the operation needed to be carried out secretly. Additionally, in the first place, not many people were actually needed for it. 
In-gong brought Carack, who was carrying a large bag on his bag, while Caitlin was accompanied by Seira. 
Delia, who had been introduced by Felicia, and another nameless dark elf were present. 
He wanted to ask who she was, but Felicia seemed to have no intention of introducing her. Caitlin was silent, so In-gong also stayed quiet. 
"Okay, let’s get started.” 
However, Felicia just swaggered out of the tent like she was going to face the enemy right then. 
“Heok, don’t tell me that we are walking?”
Carack’s aghast voice entered In-gong’s ears. Carack, who had always been disgruntled, was weary after the long battle. 
'What did he say?’ 
Should he ask Felicia? 
While In-gong was troubled over this, Felicia looked over. Her long ears pricked up as she laughed, 
“Don’t worry. We are flying. Delia, Katuin.” 
After Felicia called out, Delia and a dark elf called Katuin chanted a spell with her. Out of reflex, In-gong looked above the heads of the three people. 
'Magic power is gathering!’
However, it was different from attack or recovery magic. Black smoke emerged from their united magic power and formed a shape. 
'Phantom steed!’ 
A flying ghost! 
Seven ghosts shone with a green light as they stood in front of Felicia. 
“Wouldn’t it be trouble if we had to bring a lot of people? Let’s hurry.”
Felicia winked at everyone before climbing on the back of a phantom steed. Carack hesitated while Caitlin’s eyes shone as she stroked the mane of a phantom steed. 
‘I often rode this when I was playing Zephyr.'
He felt a cold chill as he climbed on the back of the ghost. 
'Well, isn’t it natural?’ 
There wasn’t just attack magic and recovery magic. Moreover, summoning magic like the one for a phantom steed required a catalyst. 
Once all the party members were on the phantom steeds, Felicia looked back and said. 
"I will lead on the phantom steed. However, be careful. Are you ready? Depart!” 
Since there was almost no gap between getting ready and departing, Carack had no choice but to grab onto the phantom steed’s neck tightly. 
In-gong lowered his body on the back of the phantom steed. The phantom steed’s four legs sprang into the air and the wind started to blow. 
It was a dark hour and the party that rose on the back of the phantom steeds naturally became one with the darkness.
The wind that blew was cold and sharp, so In-gong looked at the mini-map with his head bowed. The blue dots, which symbolised In-gong and his companions, were headed towards the edge of the Jishuka Mountains at a terrific pace. 
‘Red Lightning tribe!’ 
Red dots gathered at a corner of the mini-map but they disappeared quickly.  In-gong stared at the mini-map for a while but he couldn’t see the Red Lightning tribe anymore. 
The phantom steeds landed on the ground after almost an hour. They were at the edge of the Jishuka Mountains, at the location that Felicia had pointed to on the map. 
As soon as they landed, Carack jumped off the phantom steed like he was rolling. In fact, he actually was rolling down. 
Felicia called out to the spirits of light to brighten the surroundings and said to everyone,
"Everybody, dismount carefully. I’ll send the phantom steeds back. We will have to move on feet from here on.”
She confirmed the location through research, but she had never visited it herself. Rather than flying on the phantom steed, it was better to look at the mountainside with their own eyes. 
However, In-gong cried out just before Felicia dismounted from the phantom steed. 
“Wait, wait a minute Noona.” 
“Huh? Why?"
Felicia raised her head with a dubious expression and asked him why. In-gong moved his phantom steed close to her and asked. 
“Is the entrance to the ruins near here?” 
"Probably, there is a very high possibility.”
It was a somewhat ambiguous answer, but her eyes and voice were confident. In-gong swallowed his saliva and said straight to Felicia’s face, 
"Then can you follow my lead here? In my opinion, there is no need to search for the entrance.”
“What? What are you talking about?" 
“Right. What does that mean?” 
Carack, who regained his stability thanks to having two feet on the ground, asked urgently. He didn’t want to ride the phantom steed again. 
He was speaking informally and Delia and Katuin’s expressions darkened. In-gong spoke quickly before Felicia pointed out Carack’s disrespect. 
"While I was opening the dwarf portal, I looked closely at the map in the cave. The dwarves already knew of this place.”
Of course, it was a lie. He never looked closely at the map or found anything related to these ruins but he needed to say something plausible. 
“Considering the characteristics of this terrain and the dwarf cave, as well as the story that I heard, I think I know the approximate location.” 
"Location? The location of the room that holds the light?” 
Felicia corrected her posture on the phantom steed and asked with confusion. In-gong nodded. 
"Yes, that's right. I don’t think we need to go to the entrance when considering the terrain.” 
Felicia’s expression became even stranger. Delia and Katuin maintained their expressions, but he could see incredulity in their eyes. 
Additionally, Carack didn’t stay silent. 
“Prince, what does that mean? Instead of going through the door, are you going to make a hole in the wall to enter?”
Indeed, Carack’s comprehension wasn’t common for an orc. In-gong said with a smile,
"Yes, that's right. The cave was used by Enkidu’s treasure keepers, so it is virtually like a dungeon. There might be traps or guardians still moving. It is much better to make a gap than to break through the entrance.”
In-gong’s voice was confident and he believed firmly in his own words.
It was because he actually did that when he played Locke. 
The event to destroy the Thunder Light Anvil had been a necessary event to take over the Demon World. 
After playing Locke five times, he remembered clearly where and how to break through. 
However, he couldn’t tell everyone that he knew about it from a game. That’s why In-gong was forced to think up reasons to explain it.
Felicia stared at In-gong. Her eyebrows raised like she was worried and she opened her mouth. 
"No, no matter how much sense it makes...” 
“It is possible. Shutra can tell.” 
Caitlin interrupted Felicia’s words. She placed her hands on her waist and spoke firmly to the surprised Felicia. 
"Shutra’s ability to grasp the terrain is really amazing. So, Shutra will be able to do it. Isn’t that right, Seira?” 
She was perplexed by Caitlin’s sudden call but she nodded quickly. It was because In-gong had already proven his skill. It wasn’t simply memorization. 
"Yes, that’s right. I believe in him.”
Caitlin looked at Felicia with a look that said, ‘Do you hear me?’ 
In-gong said determinedly,
“Felicia noona, trust me once.” 
Although he didn’t intend to do so, he had a pleading expression on his face. For the first time, he seemed to be benefiting from Shutra’s good looks. 
Felicia looked between In-gong and Caitlin and sighed. 
“Okay, I will try it once. Where do you think we should go?” 
“Thank you, just wait.”
In-gong jumped down from the phantom steed, picked up a branch and started drawing a map on the ground. His Map Reading skill had reached level two. so it wasn’t just a scribble on the ground. 
"Our position is here and this is where we need to go.” 
Caitlin, Seira and Carack nodded as In-gong pointed to their position, but Felicia was skeptical. 
However, Felicia knew how to keep her word. Since she had already decided to believe him, she prepared for the phantom steeds to leave instead of talking any longer. 
"Give me the directions. I will drive the phantom steeds.”
“I understand, thank you, Noona.”
In-gong laughed and Felicia eventually said, 
“I must be crazy.”
Felicia mumbled as she controlled the phantom steeds and flew back up into the sky. 
&
There was quite a considerable distance toward the place where In-gong had pointed to. Moreover, the surroundings were dark, so it was hard to find the way when looking down from the sky. 
However, it wasn’t an exaggeration to say that In-gong’s mini-map was a fraudulent system. He checked their current location with the mini-map and acted as Felicia’s navigator. 
At first, Felicia followed In-gong’s directions with an uncertain face, but she soon became speechless. Caitlin saw Felicia’s expression and smiled. 
They arrived at the destination without much difficulty but the atmosphere was different from before. Their current location wasn’t far from the swamp where the swamp mammoths and lizardmen resided in the Jishuka Mountains.
“Okay, it probably isn’t around here. They pushed us back, so now it is our turn to push them. Even if the swamp is close, it is quite far on the map.” 
In-gong didn’t know if Carack was a mind-reader or just thought about it properly, but Carack said what he was thinking. 
Felicia agreed and called light to the surroundings, but the light was weaker than before. 
“Shutra, where should we go?” 
“Just wait a moment.” 
In-gong enlarged the mini-map while pretending to be concentrating. He checked the boundaries of the terrain and found the coordinates. 
Of course, he hadn’t memorized every feature that appeared in Night Saga. He just remembered this because it was a famous and bad event.
"This way." 
In-gong confirmed the coordinates and moved through some bushes. A large wall soon appeared in front of him. 
Felicia stared up at the cliff with wide eyes. There was a large crack on the wall like someone had split apart the mountain with a giant knife. 
‘What is going to happen here?’ 
In-gong smiled mischievously at the question in Carack’s eyes. This was the reason why he argued that Caitlin should come with them. 
"Yes, Caitlin noona. It is Noona’s turn.”
“Huh?”
"Smash that cliff and break it down. Can you do that?” 
As a wolf lycanthrope, Caitlin could smash a gate with one blow. It was four years earlier, so Caitlin was weaker. However, In-gong had no hesitation after seeing her in battle. That’s why anticipation was in his eyes. 
“Eh? Ah... Eh... Yes.”
Caitlin couldn’t ignore the anticipation in In-gong’s eyes and looked up at the cliff with clenched fists. A cold wind was blowing but she was sweating. 
"Please take care of it!” 
In-gong cheered Caitlin on and Carack also looked at her with admiration. Delia and Katuin were affected by the mood and became excited.
In front of all the gazes, Caitlin swallowed her saliva. She had no choice but to try. 
At that moment, Felicia clapped In-gong’s back. 
"Hey, do you think that Caitlin is a siege weapon? How can she smash it with a punch?" 
"Uh, smash it?” 
In-gong made a confused expression. Felicia stared incredulously at In-gong while Caitlin bowed her head with a gloomy expression. 
“Sorry.” 
She was sad that she couldn’t meet her younger brother’s expectations. 
Felicia sighed and stepped forward.
"Get out of the way. This Noonim will demonstrate her skills.”
Felicia clapped her hands and two different spirits appeared in front of the cliff.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 32 - Chapter 4: Awakening #7 
One was water and the other was wind.
 From Felicia’s right hand, green wind rose to form a beautiful woman. Felicia commanded the laughing wind spirit, who turned into wind and dug into the cracks of the cliff. 
After one or two minutes,.. 
“Okay, that should be enough.” 
Felicia muttered and the wind sprang out of the crack. The wind spirit waited in place as Felicia commanded a blue water spirit to emerge from her left hand. 
"The crack is enough. Can you do it?” 
The water spirit nodded. The water spirit moved away from Felicia and plunged into the same crack the wind spirit had. Soon, the inside of the crack was filled with water. 
"Freeze." 
This time it was magic, not a spirit. The water that filled the crack froze instantly and the crack started widening due to the expanding ice. In spite of the ice, cracking sounds could be heard. 
In-gong now knew what Felicia was doing.
‘Indeed, a magician.’ 
Felicia waved her hands and the ice melted. The water spirit returned to Felicia in the form of a woman and she took out some flasks from her pocket. 
“One last blast. Explosions are common when exploring ruins.”
She murmured playfully as she placed the flasks, then turned back to In-gong’s group.
"Bang!” 
A real explosion swallowed up Felicia’s words. An enormous amount of dust rose as the cliff crumbled. However, the water and wind spirits took care of it. 
"This is a shoddy method.”
Perfect workmanship would require a longer time. Felicia winked at In-gong and Caitlin who started clapping. 
“Ohh! There is a hole! It is huge!” 
Carack exclaimed loudly as he clapped along with In-gong. There was a huge hole that was approximately two metres in diameter. 
“Crazy. Is this real?” 
Felicia, who seemed to be enjoying the applause, shrugged. Delia and Katuin’s expressions weren’t much different. 
"I told you. It is right here.” 
In-gong smiled at Caitlin who nodded like she believed him.
“Let me check it quickly.” 
Felicia summoned her light spirit and entered the hole. Then she let out a cry of confusion.
“Oh, my god.” 
It was real. There was a large room inside the hole where dwarf characters were carved on the walls.
&
In-gong entered the hole after Felicia and looked around. It was a large space dozens of metres wide, with the walls and ceiling resembling what he had seen in the game. There was only one thing different.
"Prince, what is this dome?” 
Carack looked at the large metal dome in the middle of the room and asked. The only thing different from In-gong’s memories was this dome. 
‘There are dwarf statues around the sphere and the anvil is inside it.’
He hadn’t seen a cover when he was playing as Locke and had destroyed the anvil. 
Felicia touched the surface of the dome gently. 
“It is like the last safeguard. The Thousand Light Anvil must be inside the dome.” 
She started tapping on the dome. It didn’t seem easy to disassemble. 
"Aren’t there any dungeon guardians?”
Caitlin asked as she looked at the walls. Felicia was the one who replied. 
“This is the innermost room. When exploring ruins, the most powerful guardian is usually found in front of the most important room. The most important room often looks plain.”
It was similar to the relationship between a large lock and a treasure chest. The treasure chest couldn’t be opened due to the lock. 
“Then we have to break this dome?” 
Carack asked with wide eyes. Delia and Katuin looked grim while Felicia replied, 
"No, we can’t mess with it. If we do it wrong, the anvil inside can break.” 
They had to find a normal method to release the dome. Then Katuin, who was interpreting the dwarf statues and characters engraved on the wall, called out to Felicia.
“Royal Princess.”
Katuin stood before the dwarf statues surrounding the dome. They were the same size as actual dwarves and filled with holes. 
Felicia sighed, 
"Yes, maybe these guys are the cause.” 
Three of them were holding real metal swords, but the remaining six were bare despite their arms being in the right posture. 
"Uh... Do we have to give them swords?” 
Felicia alternated between looking at the dwarf characters and stone statues and nodded. 
“Perhaps. I think we need to give them dwarf swords.”
Despite answering, a little bit of bitterness was mixed in her voice. 
There was no choice. They suddenly needed six dwarf swords! 
"Then should we go back? There is no need to break through the dungeon so we can spare the time.” 
Felicia sighed as she spoke. 
In-gong frowned at her words and he realized one thing. 
‘I have some.’
The dwarf swords. It wasn’t just one, but dozens of them!
In-gong activated the inventory window that he had forgotten about for a few days. The weapons he secured on the first day from the dwarf cave were kept very well. 
"No, wait a minute."
Everyone’s gaze went towards In-gong reflexively. In-gong couldn’t just pull out a dwarf sword from his inventory, so he approached Carack. 
“Carack, put down that bag for a while.”
"Huh? The bag I am carrying?” 
“Yes, the bag.”
Carack nodded and put down the bag. Carack knew that there were no weapons in the bag because it contained a lot of dry food and water. 
However, In-gong stuck his hand deep in the bag and pulled out a short dwarf sword.
“Shutra?” 
Caitlin asked In-gong with amazement but the one who was most surprised was Carack. 
"Huck, when did you put that in? Did you pack a sword?” 
Instead of replying, In-gong put his hands back in the bag and pulled out another dwarf sword. 
There was a total of six. 
Carack was the one who had carried the bag here, yet it seemed like he was seeing a ghost. 
In-gong said naturally,
"I prepared the weapons found in the dwarf cave just in case. I put them in when you weren’t there.” 
"I wouldn’t be able to carry all six swords.”
Despite In-gong’s explanation, Carack though it was strange. However, he was an orc and soon accepted the reality. 
In fact, it was a rather strange story. It was rare for someone to carry six spare swords. 
However, the joy and excitement of solving the problem outweighed the doubts. 
"This is good. Let’s install them.”
Felicia, who had the expression of a ruins explorer, picked up a sword. Delia, Katuin, In-gong, Caitlin and Seira all placed a sword in the hands of the dwarf statues. 
There was a noise as the swords were absorbed into the holes. 
It happened the moment everything was equipped. There was a mechanical sound and the whole room vibrated. 
In-gong jumped but Felicia wasn’t affected at all. She told everyone in a small voice. 
"Calm down and step back. The device is starting.”
Felicia’s words were true. As everyone took a few steps back, the statues surrounding the dome started to move. They turned exactly halfway towards the dome and another mechanical sound was heard from the dome. 
“The dome is opening.” 
Caitlin muttered in a small voice. The middle of the dome cracked and started to open. 
"Thunder Light Anvil.”
An enchanted magical weapon used by the wyrm Enkidu to guard his treasure. 
Felicia’s smile widened. As the dome opened, a huge black thunderbolt, symbolising magic power, appeared in front of them and shone with a blue light.
&
The anvil was really huge. It was one metre long and the anvil plate was wide enough for Carack to lie down on. 
It was clearly the Thunder Light Anvil. 
However, what should they do now? 
Caitlin and Felicia stared at the anvil. Felicia smiled brightly and explained.
"Wait, it isn’t complete yet. A final procedure is needed to operate the anvil."
According to the records, there were at least three magic spells built into the Thunder Light Anvil. They couldn’t just act without considering the magic.
Felicia approached the anvil carefully and interpreted the letters engraved on the surface. The characters were engraved in the area where the blue light was shining.
'The speed is different.’ 
In-gong had reached level two in Dwarf Characters due to his training, but it was still only level two. Felicia was an expert in ruins exploration, so it was natural that she would interpret it faster and more accurately. 
'Just let it go.’
He would entrust the work to the expert. 
With a relaxed mind, In-gong watched Felicia work. However, Felicia was on her knees before the anvil and was sweating while interpreting the characters. 
"Okay, I understand. I understand!" 
Felicia stood up after deciphering the letters on the anvil and told everyone,
"Everyone has to come inside the circle of the stone statues. Delia, Katuin... and Caitlin?” 
She called out, but her last word was filled with hesitation and anxiety. Caitlin just laughed and replied, 
“Yes, Unni.” 
Felicia smiled at the friendly reply. She gave the three people a cheerful look. 
"Do you see the discs on the ground? Delia and Katuin will stand on the ones in the 3 o’clock and 6 o’clock direction, respectively. I will stand at the 12 o’clock direction and Caitlin at the 9 o’clock direction.”
“Ah, then what about us?” 
In-gong, Carack and Seira were left over, so Felicia had to think about what to do with them.
"Just stand in the right place. Don’t step on the discs.” 
Everyone else was surplus manpower. In-gong stayed near Felicia and Caitlin while Carack and Seira were also in the vicinity. 
Felicia turned to them and said. 
"Okay, insert magic power one by one in the clockwise direction. Got it?” 
“I understand.” 
"Yes, your Highness.” 
“Yes.”
Delia, Katuin and Caitlin replied. 
Felicia breathed out like she was trying to relax and injected magic power into the plate. Then the plate and altar glowed with a gentle light.
The signs were good so everyone acted quickly. Delia, Katuin and then Caitlin poured in their magic power, causing a bright light as well as a mechanical sound. 
“Ohh, the altar is rising!” 
The moment that Carack cried out. An enormous amount of light enveloped the party.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 33 - Chapter 4: Awakening #8 
The sky was ablaze. 
It was neither day nor night and there was an enormous presence under the red sky. 
It was a black dragon.  
Instead of scales, steel and rocks covered its body. Red and yellow lava was flowing endlessly along the cracks in the steel and rocks.  
The wyrm Enkidu.
A great dragon that had been born in lava. 
In front of him, In-gong was only a small presence. It was impossible for him to even see all of Enkidu’s body. 
Enkidu was on top of the Jishuka Mountains and the steel and rocks made him seem like one with the mountains. 
At the feet of the Great Enkidu, there were a number of dwarf treasure keepers. Behind them, paying homage in their own way, there were the swamp mammoths and many varieties of powerful chimeras  
They all had the same mission: 
Protect the Great Enkidu. 
They formed a barrier between the Demon World and Human World.
Enkidu opened his mouth slowly and his voice resonated through the Jishuka Mountains. The sound was so loud that In-gong reflexively blocked his ears. Then out of nowhere, he was swept away by lava.
"Heok!” 
In-gong sat up and almost vomited. His whole body was drenched in sweat like he had fallen into water. 
In-gong continued to breathe rapidly. He could hear his heart pounding wildly. 
It was a dream. Whether it was a fantasy or something else, it wasn’t reality. 
A black dragon - it was probably the wyrm, Enkidu. 
In Knight Saga, he had been one of the six elder dragons that were said to have the power of a god.
He wasn’t in the Demon World anymore. He had only mentioned in Knight Saga and never appeared directly. So, he may already be dead. 
In-gong covered his face with both hands and took a deep breath. He seemed to be calm. 
"Okay." 
In-gong muttered, removed his hands and got up. Then he saw Carack who wasn’t moving. However, he wasn’t dead. He had simply lost consciousness. 
“Carack! Carack!” 
In-gong called out Carack’s name while shaking him wildly. Then he hit Carack’s cheek a few times.
“Uh...uh...”
Just like In-gong, he finally regained consciousness. In-gong sighed with relief then stepped forward again when he saw the other side. 
“Caitlin noona! Are you okay? Wake up!” 
In-gong cautiously held Caitlin’s upper body, which had fallen on the altar, and called her name repeatedly. He shook her shoulders a few times before she reacted like Carack.
“Oh... Shutra?” 
Her voice sounded like someone who had just woken up from a deep sleep. 
"Do you feel okay?” 
“Uh... Yes.”
Caitlin nodded before sitting up. In-gong didn’t question Caitlin anymore and looked around. As expected, everyone around the altar was in a collapsed state. 
"Caitlin noona, I will wake up Felicia noona.”
“Eung, yes.” 
Caitlin responded while pressing her hand to her temple like she was dizzy. In-gong stepped over Carack’s legs and approached Felicia. 
“Noona, Felicia noona!”
He knew it wasn’t a dangerous condition after experiencing it twice already. Therefore, In-gong just lightly tapped Felicia’s cheek. Her response was much faster than Caitlin’s. 
"Heok!" 
Felicia sat up and took a deep breath. Just like In-gong, she was covered in sweat. 
“Are you okay?” 
"Uh, I’m okay. Yes, yes. There is something I need to check. I have to check it.”
At first, she sounded sleepy but her voice and eyes became clear by the end. 
Felicia grabbed In-gong’s arm and asked, 
"Shutra, did you see Enkidu? A huge black dragon covered in lava?!”
"Uh, I saw him.” 
After In-gong replied, Felicia turned and asked Caitlin who was waking Seira up. 
“Caitlin, you?” 
"I saw him.” 
"Me too.”
The last to answer was Carack. Felicia made a bright expression and shook her fist. 
"Okay, no problem. It is the same as the records. I was a little surprised because it was more abrupt than I expected, but it is just the procedure. Now, I just need to use the anvil.”
It was like Felicia was talking to herself, not anyone else. 
Felicia got up slowly from where she was sitting. In-gong turned to Felicia and asked, 
"Then, is it all over now?” 
“Yes, I can control the anvil. Don’t you believe in Noona?” 
Felicia replied playfully as she stood up using her recovered strength. 
In the meantime, Caitlin and Carack had woken up Seira, Delia and Katuin. When In-gong asked, all three of them had seen Enkidu. 
Felicia walked over to the anvil and placed both hands on it. 
"Everybody hold on to something! I will be using the anvil now!”
In-gong grabbed the dwarf statue nearby, while the others also held onto a dwarf statue or a portion of the altar. 
After confirming that everyone was in place, Felicia poured magic power directly into the anvil. At this time, not only the anvil, but the whole room started shaking. The altar rose up slowly as the ceiling split apart and light poured in.
“Light? Perhaps?” 
Seira frowned at the sudden sunlight and exclaimed. 
It was late at night when the party had entered the room. Even if the ceiling split open, it should be moonlight streaming in, not sunlight. 
However, the sunlight was real. In-gong checked the clock next to the mini-map and was shocked. 
‘Oh, my god. It has been 12 hours?’
In the meantime, the altar continued to ascend and rose through the ceiling. 
Despite the blue light coming from the altar and the strong wings, Felicia continued chanting a spell with both hands on the anvil. Usually, it wouldn’t be hard, but now, sweat was pouring along her forehead and neck. 
However, the result was clear. Light emerged from the discs around the altar. 
"The expedition!” 
Carack shouted with amazement. Each window of light showed the expedition army fighting the Red Lightning tribe. It was like he was watching an internet broadcast. 
Just like yesterday, the expedition army was struggling. The swamp mammoths nestled among the Red Lightning tribe launched their powerful magic and the lizardmen devastated the orcs.
They seemed to be watching the battlefield from the viewpoint of the swamp mammoths. 
In-gong’s party had to use them somehow. In-gong looked hurriedly at Felicia while Caitlin screamed, 
“Felicia unni!” 
“Royal Princess!” 
Delia and Katuin shrieked. 
The state of Felicia, who was controlling the base, wasn’t normal. Her whole body was trembling and blood was coming from her nose and ears. Despite that, Felicia couldn’t take her hands off the anvil. It seemed like the anvil was stealing her magic power, rather than it being injected. 
“We have to control the anvil! Help the Royal Princess!”
Delia shouted towards In-gong and Caitlin before putting her hands on the anvil along with Katuin. However, the same thing happened to Delia and Katuin. 
As Delia and Katuin’s magic power was devoured by the anvil, more light and wind appeared. Caitlin and In-gong didn’t hesitate to reach out towards the anvil. 
Caitlin and In-gong’s hands touched it at the same time... 
And his consciousness became connected to something else. In-gong could feel Felicia, Caitlin and everyone else through the anvil before he started screaming. 
It felt like all the magic power in his body was being torn out. A fierce swirl of magic power shredded In-gong’s consciousness. 
"Prince!” 
Carack shouted loudly as blood poured from In-gong’s nose and ears, but In-gong didn’t hear it. 
In-gong’s spirit was in the anvil. Felicia and Caitlin screamed from the swirling magic power, while Delia and Katuin had already lost consciousness and didn’t make a sound.
The magic power of the wyrm Enkidu. 
His test to see if there were any unauthorized people! 
It was overwhelming. It was a huge force that couldn’t be resisted. So, it was natural that Felicia couldn’t control it alone.  
However, In-gong wasn’t broken. Despite being torn by the swirl of magic power, he roared and took one step forward. 
It was because a voice he heard from the depths of his soul sustained him. 
The golden-crowned female with white hair. Her one red eye and one blue eye shone as she spoke, 
‘Conquest!’
In-gong roared once again. Despite the pained screams of Caitlin and Felicia, they hadn’t collapsed. In-gong gathered their magic power and willpower, and poured them into the centre of the whirlpool. 
Conquest. 
It was the right to rule. The power of a king to conquer and subjugate! 
The swirl of magic power scattered at once. Enkidu’s magic power released In-gong from the altar. 
"Prince! Prince!” 
He heard Carack’s voice. In-gong’s eyes opened and he saw Caitlin and Felicia gasping. Delia and Katuin were still unconscious. 
Felicia leaned against the anvil and stood up. She hadn’t lost consciousness, so she knew what In-gong had done. With a bitter smile, she chanted the last spell.
A hammer was paired with the anvil. 
A hammer made of Enkidu’s magic power appeared in In-gong’s hands. 
In-gong glanced at Felicia who nodded. 
“Do it.” 
Enkidu’s magic power told him what to do. 
Conquest didn’t stay still either. 
It whispered to In-gong about how to conquer, dominate and use the Thunder Light Anvil. 
First of all, he had to dominate the swamp mammoths.
In-gong struck the anvil with a hammer made of magic power.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 34 - Chapter 5: Entry 
The hammer hit the anvil.  
The Thunder Light Anvil, that had been sleeping for thousands of years, woke up with a loud roar. 
There was a surge of magic power. The wave roared through the atmosphere and woke up the servants of the Great Enkidu that had been sleeping for many years. 
They opened their eyes and obeyed. 
The trivial magic of the orc shamans that had been deceiving the eyes and ears of the swamp mammoths didn’t last. The swamp mammoths were released from the delusions and obeyed the right command. 
The first one who noticed was Vandal. 
He wielded metal bars in both hands and smashed them against an orc’s bones. Vandal recognized it. He wasn’t a magician but he sensed it instinctively. 
At this moment, the flow of the battlefield was changing. 
There was no logic or rationale to it. Vandal just felt it and acted without hesitation.
"Ararararai!” 
The ogre’s unique battle cry caught the attention of everyone in the vicinity. Vandal, who had been acting as a barrier to protect his allies, became a tank. He trampled on the orcs of the Red Lightning tribe and rushed. 
"Ararararai!” 
"Ararararai!” 
Vandal’s ogre warriors acted in the same manner. The ogre warriors rushing forward destroyed the entire formation of the expedition army, but they didn’t hesitate to run after Vandal. 
The Red Lightning tribe warriors at the front were confused by the sudden rush. However, Yakuzan smiled from where he was observing in the rear. Vandal’s charge was like a fleeting moment. Due to the broken formation, the damage to the expedition would only become larger.
However, Yakuzan’s judgement was wrong. The swamp mammoths started trampling on the Red Lightning tribe instead of the expedition army. A few of them rolled over on the ground and crushed dozens of orcs. 
Confusion spread like wildfire. There was a crack in the formation of the Red Lightning tribe. 
Vandal plunged in through the gap and the explosive rush of the ogre warriors split the battlefield in half. 
Now, even the soldiers felt it. Chris, whose body was tired and bloody, looked up towards the sky and shouted, 
“The prince and princesses did it!”
It was enough. Chris, who grasped the situation, smiled like a demon. He gave a signal to the lycanthropes. 
"Bushiberyeo!” 
More than one hundred lycanthropes roared in unison and a magic blessing appeared over the heads of the expedition army. 
It was magic contained in the Thunder Light Spear. 
The magic spread through the swamp mammoths and aroused the strength of courage of the expedition army. The orcs belonging to the expedition force forgot their fatigue, suffering and fear. 
It was the exact opposite situation for the Red Lightning tribe as a curse of confusion spread over them. Fear grabbed onto their feet and the unbearable sense of defeat made them unable to extend their weapons. The chiefs yelled at them but it was no use. 
An army that had lost its enthusiasm was just a set of individuals. The confused and frightened Red Lightning tribe panicked and crumbled.
“We must flee!” 
A shaman standing next to Yakuzan cried out urgently. As a magician, he could read the flow of mana from the swamp mammoths. This situation absolutely wasn’t a coincidence. It was something that someone created. 
This battle couldn’t be won. The situation was so confusing that even a retreat couldn’t be done properly. The only thing left was the annihilation of the Red Lightning tribe. 
So, they had to give up. They had to run away, even at the expense of this battle.
"Tribe Chief must live! If Tribe Chief survives, we can stand up again!” 
Yakuzan understood what the shaman was saying. He knew that fleeing was the best choice but he also knew that he couldn’t. 
He turned and looked at the centre of the battlefield. The orcs of the Red Lightning tribe were being trampled on.
“Ya-ku-zan-!”
The bodies of the shamans shook involuntarily at the thunderous shout. Yakuzan stared straight into Vandal’s face. There were still more than a hundred warriors between Vandal and Yakuzan but that was meaningless. 
"It seems like it is up to here.” 
Yakuzan laughed hysterically. The chief of the Red Lightning tribe raised the great iron sword that had been his lifetime companion. 
"Tribe Chief?” 
Yakuzan didn’t respond to the call of the shaman. Vandal laughed wildly as he kept narrowing the distance.
&
“It is over.” 
In-gong said with a sigh. He could see the battlefield through the eyes of the swamp mammoths thanks to the anvil. 
Vandal had killed Yakuzan, the leader of the Red Lightning tribe. Kairam and a few chiefs of the Red Lightning tribe still lived but they couldn’t become Yakuzan. 
Yakuzan’s death broke the heart of the Red Lightning tribe. The orcs gave up fighting and either escaped or surrendered. The lizardmen, who had entered the battle as mercenaries in the first place, left early and traces of them couldn’t be seen on the battlefield. 
In-gong put the hammer down as Chris, who was bathed in the blood of the orcs, shouted with victory. His gazed moved naturally to the two people leaning on the anvil. 
"We won.”
Felicia laughed despite her nosebleed. Caitlin, whose cheek was pressed again the anvil, spoke with a blank expression. 
“We won.” 
It seemed like she wanted to express her feelings more intensely but her strength was so weak that her shoulders sank. In fact, Caitlin needed to lean on the anvil. It wasn’t a choice she’d made. 
Felicia was in a better condition and she spoke after wiping the blood off her face. 
"Shutra, put the swamp mammoths to sleep for now.” 
Currently, Shutra was the only one who could use the Thunder Light Anvil to control the swamp mammoths. They had caused trouble to the expedition army, so it was a good idea to put them to sleep for now. 
However, In-gong didn’t raise the hammer again.
"I already did it. That was the last command that I gave."
"Okay, then I will be able to sleep for the next few hours.”
“Huh?” 
Instead of answering, Felicia turned her gaze toward Caitlin. She tried to grab Caitlin’s shoulder but her shoulders were shaking and she couldn’t even lift it. 
“It is too much. We’ll speak later. Good night.” 
Felicia spoke to Caitlin, who was behind her, before falling unconscious. Caitlin glanced from Felicia toward In-gong. 
“Sorry.”
Caitlin said one word before closing her eyes as well. 
'I’m sorry. 
In-gong remained silent. Now that the tension was released, the fatigue overcame him and he found it hard to keep his eyes open. 
‘I should stretch out.’ 
The moment that In-gong thought so...
[Your level has risen.] 
[Your level has risen.]
“Huh?”
In-gong made a surprised sound as he levelled up. White light shone around him and his stamina and strength, that had been exhausted by the Thunder Light Anvil, quickly recovered. 
‘Is this the achievement experience?’ 
There were occasions in Knight Saga when finding artifacts or achievements would give experience. 
'Well, at first I levelled up just by running.’ 
The anvil was an artifact belonging to Enkidu, one of the six elder dragons, so it was natural to get a lot of experience. 
He had gained one level during the battle they had lost, so In-gong was now level 13. However, this wasn’t the end. 
[The level of Conquest has risen.]
“What?”
In-gong cried out unintentionally and hastily activated his skills window. The level really had increased. 
[Conquest Lv2] 
[Below the King’s Flag Lv2] 
[The King's Knights Lv1] 
‘The level of Below the King’s Flag also rose. What is the effect? Is the effect stronger? Maybe the number of people I can buff has increased.’ 
He wanted to try it out right now. However, there was something more important than that. 
The King's Knights Lv1.
There was also a skill. It wasn’t a passive skill like the skills related to Protagonist Correction. It was an active skill like Below the King’s Flag.
‘Just by the name... Is it a summoning skill?’ 
He briefly saw knights in shining armour flashing in front of him. 
After the brief delusion, In-gong sighed and leaned against the anvil. Thanks to the level up effect, both his physical strength and magic power had been restored. However, the mental fatigue still remained. It felt like when he had used Below the King’s Flag. 
'Punishment, obedience, governance.’ 
It was the golden-crowned female with white hair. 
This time he didn’t simply see her. It was just for a moment but they shared senses. 
It was probably the influence of Conquest’s level.
Who was she? Was she In-gong’s power of Conquest itself? 
His head, that had become lighter due to the level up effect, started becoming heavy again. His eyes could barely stay open any longer and he was on the verge of collapsing. 
This was his limit. In-gong’s body slumped slightly and he turned to look at Carack. 
“Carack.” 
"Prince! Did you see? We won!” 
Carack exclaimed as he stared up at the windows of light showing the image of the expedition army. In-gong sat down in front of the anvil. 
“Please.”
And he fainted. He was knocked out fast enough to be called a skill.
"Heok? Prince? Prince?”
The confused Carack rushed over to In-gong but he had already fainted. Seira approached Carack and said, 
"Warrior Carack, I will take care of the princesses. You should deal with the prince and the dark elves.” 
Delia and Katuin were also collapsed around the anvil. Carack and Seira were the only ones who hadn’t fainted.
“Understood.” 
Carack answered quickly and hugged In-gong.
&
The white-haired woman was smiling softly.
Her red and blue eyes stared at In-gong as she whispered. 
"Conquest Knight, you are my-”
She kept speaking but her voice was out of reach. The white woman licked her lips and smiled again. 
It wasn’t the time yet. 
Darkness twisted around the white woman.
“Oh, Prince. Have you regained consciousness?” 
As soon as he opened his eyes, he heard Carack’s voice above him. Just like most people, In-gong sat up and rubbed his eyes. 
“Carack.” 
“Drink some water.” 
Carack extended a canteen filled with cold water. He took a sip and asked, 
“My sisters?” 
"They are next to each other.”
Carack grinned and pointed to an area. Caitlin and Felicia were lying side by side.
'Did I wake up first?’ 
He thought that Caitlin, the most physically superior, would be the first to wake up. 
‘Ah, the level up effect.’ 
It was probably because his level had gone up. In-gong’s body had been restored, so it was normal for him to wake up first. 
‘It has only been two hours.’ 
In-gong looked away from the mini-map and towards Caitlin and Felicia. Seira was sitting next to them and she said to him, 
"The princesses seem to be tired. They need to take a break for a while.”
"The dark elves are in a similar state. Still, there doesn’t seem to be any risk to their lives.” 
Carack pointed to the dark elves lying on In-gong’s left side. Just like Carack said, their lives weren’t at risk but they were making pained expressions. 
Anyway, no one had died. The mission had been completed successfully. 
"You have obtained a decisive victory. Congratulations." 
Seira recognized In-gong’s merits. Carack glanced at him and imitated her words. 
"Congratulations."
“Thank you. It is also thanks to Caitlin noona and Felicia noona.”
Seira smiled at his reply. She seemed more agreeable after hearing his words about Caitlin.
In-gong then spoke to Carack, 
“It was also thanks to you.” 
"Hoho, you know it already.”
Carack laughed. 
Delia and Katuin would have frowned at Carack’s rudeness, but Seira was already accustomed to orcs. She spoke in a slightly more friendly tone than before. 
"It seems like more time is required for the princesses to wake up. Prince should take a break as well.” 
Caitlin and Felicia seemed like they would be unconscious for three or four more hours, so In-gong nodded.
“Yes, yes... Wait a minute.”
“Huh?” 
Instead of answering, In-gong looked around. The light from the Thunder Light Anvil had disappeared and there was a door beyond it. 
‘This place is a ruin.’ 
It was a ruin related to the wyrm, Enkidu. When he had arrived here while playing the game, he had skipped the intermediate process, so there was no change in the room. 
Exploring the ruins. 
It wasn’t easy. There were various traps and powerful guardians.
‘But what if I am the ruler?’ 
The dungeon was originally intended to defend the anvil and In-gong controlled the anvil. 
"Carack, carry the bag and follow me.”
“Huh? Prince?” 
In-gong didn’t reply to Carack and got up. He was looking at the door beyond the altar.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 35 - Chapter 5: Entry #2 
Ruins were discovered in Knight Saga for a reason.   
Reporting useful ruins to the Demon King’s Palace would help someone to gain publicity and the appropriate rewards. 
The most important thing for the Demon King’s children was that it was a system that allowed them to gain achievements. 
Of course, depending on the type and nature of the ruins, privatization could sometimes be beneficial. However, the privatization of ruins was accompanied by considerable risks. If the Demon King’s Palace discovered it, not only would a great deal of achievements be removed but penalties such as fines and imprisonment would be received.
‘I’ve experienced it before in the game.’ 
However, the Demon King’s Palace didn’t just maintain a tight hold. They didn’t just treat the discovery of ruins harshly. 
In general, those who discovered a ruin would be able to keep some of the relics, depending on the size. 
'Of course, there are slightly more informal procedures.’ 
The hidden ruins and relics differed in their difficulties. 
It was clear that the discovery of the Thunder Light Anvil was a great achievement. Even though it would be divided between three children of the Demon King, he was sure that the achievement would be great. 
However, it was up to there. It was impossible to privatize the Thunder Light Anvil. 
The Thunder Light Anvil was tied to these ruins. If the anvil was separated and installed elsewhere, it wouldn’t be able to give off the same performance.
‘It can’t be helped.’
It was a fact he had learnt after controlling the anvil. The anvil was powered by the enchantments left behind by the wyrm, Enkidu, and the enormous magic power flowing underneath the ruins. It was why the dwarves had left without the anvil. 
‘But can I leave empty handed?’ 
He felt sorry towards Caitlin and Felicia but they were sleeping right now, so it was a perfect opportunity to obtain relics. 
‘The ones I can use will go in the inventory, while the miscellaneous items will be put in Carack’s bag.’
There was no water left, so his excuse was perfect.
‘Sorry.’
In-gong apologized to Caitlin and Felicia in his mind, then he entered the second room with Carack. 
The second room was much bigger than the one with the anvil. The ceiling was higher and it seemed to be 10 metres wide. 
"Wow, what a terrific monster!” 
Carack acted like a little child as he pointed excitedly to a monster in the middle of the room. 
In-gong was puzzled. 
‘Oh, my god. It is an arc golem! Look at that shape!’ 
A monster with the head and wings of a eagle and the body of a lion. The monster in front of him seemed to be a griffon covered in armour.
If In-gong’s eyes weren’t mistaken, the monster in front of him was obviously a arc golem among the dungeon guards. 
'Could we possibly face that head on?’ 
If it was the Caitlin at the time of the lycanthrope subjugation, it might be possible. However, right now, she was weaker. 
‘Felicia also doesn’t seem to be a combat magician.’ 
Although she was a capable magician, not every capable magician was a combat one. 
The magic that Felicia had shown on this expedition had mainly been indirect magic, such as supporting allies or changing the environment of the battlefield. 
Carack asked In-gong a question while staring at the arc golem which stood still a statue. 
"Prince, it won’t move, right? It won’t suddenly get up and attack us, right?”
"It’s okay, I am in charge of this ruin now.” 
It was okay since he had the acknowledgment of the Thunder Light Anvil. In the eyes of the arc golem, In-gong and Carack were treasure keepers. 
In-gong examined the room instead of the arc golem and said,
"We need to find a warehouse or arsenal. This is basically a fortress, so it is unlikely to have a treasure trove.”
Additionally, it was highly likely that the arsenal or warehouse was connected to this room or the next room. This was the safest place in the ruins. 
Carack nodded at In-gong’s words. 
"I’m sure that the anvil in that room is the best treasure.”
The purpose of this ruin was to defend the Thunder Light Anvil. As always, Carack’s understanding was quick. 
There were no passages in the room with the arc golem, so In-gong moved to the next room. This time, it was a room with many doors. 
‘I think there was some remodelling done.’ 
It was quite different from the dungeon he remembered from when he played Locke. 
'Well, I was busy destroying it at the time.’ 
After he had destroyed the anvil, the mountain had collapsed and buried the dungeon. 
“Carack, I’ll investigate this side, so take the doors on the opposite side.” 
“Understo... Ooh! Look at this!”
As soon as In-gong spoke, Carack shouted loudly after opening the nearest door. Once In-gong approached, he saw a room full of weapons and armour. 
‘Perhaps Carack is the protagonist?’ 
In-gong laughed inwardly as he entered the armoury with Carack. The item that greatly impressed Carack was the large armour in the middle of the armoury.
"Prince, isn’t this really cool? It looks really robust.” 
Even In-gong was forced to admire the remarkable armour. The chestplate was decorated with stylish dragons while dragon wings were attached to the shoulders like decorations. It was obviously a magic armour because he could feel the magic power coming from it. 
‘Is it for an orc mercenary?’ 
No matter how he looked at it, the size showed it wasn’t for a dwarf. It seemed like only someone Carack’s size would be able to fit into it.
‘It is likely a mass production item.’ 
It was a mass production item made by Enkidu’s treasure keepers. It couldn’t be compared to the armour that Carack was wearing now. 
In-gong looked up and down and examined the armour using the authority of the anvil’s ruler. There weren’t any curses or harmful magic. 
“Carack, do you want it?” 
Carack’s eyes shone at In-gong’ proposal. He was speechless before finally opening his mouth. 
“R-really? I can really have this?” 
"Yeah, it is too big for me anyway.”
Furthermore, Carack was his precious subordinate number one. Carack becoming stronger was like In-gong being stronger. 
"Thank you. I really thank you, Prince.” 
Carack immediately rushed over to the armour and tried it on. In-gong looked at the scene with a warm gaze before turning his attention elsewhere. 
There were strangely empty places at various points in the armoury. When the treasure keepers left the dungeon, the dwarves had taken the dwarf equipment. 
‘Well, the dwarf size isn’t right for me anyway.’ 
In-gong thought it was good and started to enter things into his inventory. There was no reason to hesitate because they were treasures that the dwarves had left behind. 
'One day, I will use them.’
The dwarfs had left them behind with the Thunder Light Anvil, so they probably didn’t play a big role. In-gong would decide whether to use the items, give them to his subordinates or sell them.
In-gong swept up the swords, shields and axes on the shelves before looking at the chests on the ground. Most of them were empty but some contained old gold coins. 
‘Are these ancient gold coins?’ 
The value of an antique gold coin was significant. In-gong filled his inventory without thinking. 
After dozens of minutes. In-gong suddenly felt uncomfortable as he looked at the chests. 
‘This feeling is?’ 
Despite clearing the shelves and chests in the room, he felt like he had missed something. 
What was it? What did he miss?
'My nerves are irritated.’ 
His gaze went to a chest in the middle. It wasn’t because of anything special. It was just a feeling. However, it was a feeling that absolutely couldn’t be ignored.
In-gong stretched out his hand unknowingly and touched the chest. His hand touched something. 
'Heok, a secret device?’ 
He could feel a catch under his hands. In-gong swallowed his saliva and pressed the device. 
'This is what I felt. As expected of Protagonist Correction!’ 
He heard the familiar sound of a machine and the wall behind the chest opened. It was a secret place to hide the really important things.
"Prince?"
Carack was surprised by the sudden machine noise and came to In-gong while only half clad in the armour. However, In-gong didn’t look at Carack. In the middle of the secret place,  a steel gauntlet were floating silently. 
"Enchanted by Enkidu... Earth Quaker.” 
The name popped into his head the moment he saw it. 
It came to the top of his arms and resembled the wyrm Enkidu. The steel plates were like the scales of a dragon while the arm was sculpted like a dragon head. 
"Oh... it looks awesome.” 
Carack muttered with a blank expression. Breathing heavily, In-gong reached out slowly to grab the gauntlet.
[Your level is not high enough.]
[Your magic power is not high enough.] 
[Your mental power is not high enough.] 
[Your strength is not high enough.] 
[Your persistence is not high enough.] 
Numerous sentences popped into his head the moment his hand touched it. It was a powerful magical artifact that was impossible for In-gong’s current state to use. 
However- 
[Earth Quaker has recognized you as its owner.] 
[Earth Quaker’s user has changed to ‘Shutra.’] 
In-gong found Earth Quaker. It accepted the one who conquered the Thunder Light Anvil as its master.
A yellow light shone and the gauntlet was disassembled. He was surprised to see that it reformed around In-gong’s right arm. It was a perfect fit.  
"Did you see? It acknowledged Prince as its master!” 
[Strength has increased by 10.]
[Magic Power has increased by 10.] 
[Persistence has increased by 10.] 
Some of Earth Quaker’s features were activated. In-gong formed a tight fist and was thrilled at the power he felt at his fingertips. 
‘Wait for awhile. I will train hard to restore your original features.’ 
It would probably be a S rank weapon if all its original functions were working. He knew this because he had felt Enkidu’s magic power when using the anvil.
'Permission is needed.’
It seemed like the dwarves had known this and left Earth Quaker behind. If In-gong hadn’t dominated the Thunder Light Anvil, he wouldn’t have obtained the Earth Quaker. 
In-gong dismantled the gauntlet and put it in his inventory. He then turned around and told Carack, 
"Carack, I have something to say.” 
"Prince... Is it to keep the mysterious magic where you take things a secret?” 
Carack said with a smile. Indeed, a genius orc. He had noticed In-gong’s intentions. In-gong nodded with a pleased expression. 
“Yes. Keep it a secret from my sisters too.” 
“Understood. I am proud to serve Prince. I will keep it a secret until the knife is at my neck.”
He felt a little uneasy but it was realistic. 
‘Come to think of it.’ 
He had forgotten about it until he was reminded of it due to Carack. 
‘The King's Knights.’ 
The new skill he had gained when the level of Conquest had increased. 
What type of skill was it? Was it a summoning skill as expected? 
‘I will know soon.’
It was a saying that a picture was worth a thousand words. 
In-gong breathed in lightly and declared, 
“The King's Knights.” 
The new power of Conquest was activated at In-gong’s fingertips.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 36 - Chapter 5: Entry #3 
[The King's Knights Lv1]
 [A group of knights will be generated. Please wait a moment.] 
A woman’s voice rang in his head as he activated the skill. In-gong’s eyes widened. 
‘A group of knights will be created? Perhaps this is similar to a guild creation?’ 
A window of light stretched out in front of him after the order of knights was completed.
[The King's Knights Lv1] 
[Knight Leader: - ]
[Knight Personnel:  0/2] 
[Knight Skills Lv1] 
[Knights Protection Lv1: Health of the knights will increase by 5%] 
[Nurtured Knights] 
[ - ]
[Special Skill] 
 [Call Lv1: -You can summon the leader of the knights. (Once every three days)]
‘Ohhh?’
It was similar to an online game guild. No, it was much better. 
‘The knight skill isn’t a problem.’ 
The members of the group of knights would have their health increased by 5%. It was definitely a good option. It was still level one, so the effect would definitely get better. There was a possibility that new options would be added. 
However, there was something else that caught In-gong’s eye. 
The nurtured knights. 
There wasn’t a detailed explanation but he could guess by the name.
Nurturing the knights… He could make them stronger! 
‘Call is also amazing.’ 
It could only be used once every three days, but there was unlimited potential in being able to call the leader of the knights. 
‘If the number increases when it levels up, I might be able to summon general-level knights.’ 
In-gong’s excitement grew as his imagination spread. However, Carack couldn’t see the window of light and he thought In-gong was crazy. 
In-gong caught the gaze of his impudent subordinate number one. He then coughed and turned to face Carack. 
“Carack, there is something I want to suggest.”
“What is it?” 
Carack asked with wide eyes. In-gong felt strangely shy and spoke after a little bit. 
"You- Would you like to keep moving forward with me?” 
"Uh... are you asking me to be your direct subordinate? Just like those women called Seira and Delia?” 
"That's right. If you want to, I will ask Chris hyung if I can keep you.” 
In fact, it was possible if he just asked Chris. In-gong had built up quite a lot of merits, so he could do as he wanted. 
However, In-gong wanted to respect Carack’s will as much as possible. It was a relationship that needed to be maintained in the future. 
‘Although, what will happen if he refuses?’
In-gong stared at Carack with uneasy eyes. Carack scratched his chin and replied, 
"Well, okay. I like Prince as well.” 
It was fortunate that he agreed. In-gong laughed and told Carack, 
“Okay, then fall to your knees. A simple ceremony is needed.” 
In order to use The King's Knights skill properly, it was necessary to ‘appoint’ a knight. Just like when he took control of the Thunder Light Anvil, the method popped into his head. 
Carack fell to his knees in front of In-gong without any complaints. In-gong took out a dwarf sword from the inventory. 
"Uh, how can I rebel against Prince?”
Carack leaned back as In-gong suddenly pulled out a short sword. In-gong clicked his tongue and approached Carack. 
“Don’t worry. I am going to make you a knight. Just stay calm and cool.”
"Uhh, I will trust you.” 
Carack was as gentle as a sheep. He kneeled down but he wasn’t that much shorter than In-gong. In-gong raised the sword to each shoulder and said, 
"The mighty orc warrior Carack, I appoint you as my knight.”
It was a simple ceremony but the effect was obvious. As soon as he finished speaking, a white light wrapped around Carack’s body. 
“Ohhh?”
It was a little different from Below the King’s Flag. The light was much larger and brighter.
[The King's Knights Lv1] 
[Knight Leader: Carack] 
[Knight Personnel: 1/2] 
[Knights’ Personal Information] 
[Carack Lv24 (Rank: Soldier)] 
[Nurtured Knights] 
[Carack Lv24 (Rank: Soldier)] 
There was only one person, so appointing him to a position wasn’t necessary. In-gong smiled happily at the Nurtured Knights section.
‘Is this achievement experience?’ 
If a certain amount of achievements were consumed, a person’s stats could be raised or new skills could be obtained. Indeed, it was called a king’s reward. 
In-gong formed tight fists as he thought of the rewards he could get from the achievements. He understood why there was the rank of ‘soldier’ next to Carack’s name. 
Once he reached a certain level, his rank would be promoted. As far as chess was concerned, the pieces could be promoted through special rules (such as a pawn being upgraded to a queen or knight). 
‘Good, very good.’
The most powerful orc he had seen in Knight Saga was the Orc Emperor, the pinnacle of all orcs. In-gong pictured Carack standing side by side with the Orc Emperor. 
“Excuse me, Prince. Is everything alright?” 
Carack’s voice pulled In-gong back to reality. In-gong closed all the skill windows and nodded. 
"Yes, for now.” 
“Umm, it is a strange feeling. I was enveloped in a white light and could only think of my loyalty to Prince.”
'That's great.’
The words weren’t bad. 
'I should increase the personnel in the group of knights quickly. Knights are preferred.’ 
In-gong was reminded of Caitlin for a moment but quickly shook his head. The position would be like Seira and Delia. 
'In fact, the most attractive one is Vandal.’ 
He had obtained Vandal when playing Zephyr. 
Something he wanted to put his hands on Vandal again. 
'Yes, someday.'
In-gong’s resolution hardened after obtaining Carack. Thanks to discovering the armoury straight away, not much time had passed. Caitlin and Felicia would be sleeping for a while, so it was now time to look around the dungeon. 
"Let's go to the next room." 
Carack followed In-gong without saying anything. 
&
Unfortunately, he didn’t find anything good in the other rooms. Moreover, he needed to leave a share for Caitlin and Felicia, so In-gong only took a few dwarf weapons and armour, as well as Earth Quaker.
'Will it be more expensive after thousands of years?’ 
Of course, that was under the premise that they weren’t damaged. 
Once In-gong and Carack returned, Seira, who had been looking after Felicia and Caitlin, got up. 
“You’ve come back? I was worried.” 
"Uh, thank you. There wasn’t anything special.” 
Seira’s reaction was a little surprising, but he always welcomed it from a beauty. 
‘Wait, she was worried about something else?’ 
Seira’s gaze was directed towards the dwarf armour that Carack was wearing. In-gong realized the reason behind the scene.
‘Ah, that’s it.’ 
Caitlin was part of the group that discovered this ruin. In other words, some of the finds inside the ruin belonged to Caitlin. 
‘If I take too much, Caitlin will lose her share.’ 
He felt a little bit of regret, but he also felt good. Seira was truly loyal to Caitlin. 
‘I wish for Carack to be the same.’ 
Following that thought, In-gong’s gaze moved to Carack’s almost empty bag. 
"There was nothing surprising. There is enough for my noonas. So I took this armour from the armoury.”
"You found the armoury?” 
Seira’s face became animated. In-gong grinned and nodded. 
"Yes, there were many things.” 
Due to In-gong’s conscience, he didn’t collect all the equipment in the armoury. He left 30% of the total amount. 
'Umm, it is a small prick.’ 
However, now wasn’t the time to be brazen. In-gong knocked on the armour that Carack was wearing and said. 
"This armour will be part of my share in the official distribution. I will give it to Carack.” 
“You will give it to Carack?”
“Yes, he is my number one subordinate.” 
After In-gong’s words, Seira stared at Carack with a little bit of envy. Carack just accepted Seira’s glance with a smile. 
"Anyway... How is the situation with the two of them?” 
"Their stamina is depleted, so they need to rest a little bit longer. We will stay here today and leave early tomorrow morning.”
Anyway, the Red Lightning tribe was already in a state of collapse. There was no reason for fugitives to run here, so it was a safe place. 
"Okay, let's do so." The fight is already won, so there is no need to overdo it.” 
Chris would be worried but it was unavoidable.
‘He already knows that we have succeeded.’ 
It was only a day or two, so he could wait that long. 
"Prince, I will prepare the camp now.” 
Carack said while taking off the cumbersome armour. In-gong just nodded. 
&
As expected, Felicia and Caitlin turned a blind eye to Carack’s armour after waking up the next morning. 
In fact, they weren’t greedy over the artifacts in the ruin.
Just like in the dwarf cave, Caitlin wasn’t worried about the merits and was more upset that she couldn’t break the cliff. On the other hand, Felicia was focused on the anvil. 
“I am sorry that there are only a few artifacts, but there are other things. There is a huge income, starting from the Thunder Light Anvil and the arc golem. This is really a great discovery!” 
Caitlin’s eyes shone. 
‘There is no need for me to worry.’ 
He felt full of energy like it was a spring day. So, In-gong decided to worry about Caitlin. 
“Is your body okay?” 
"Yes, I felt better after waking up. Shutra, what about you?”
"Me too.”
The two people gazed at each other with warm expressions before being summoned by an excited Felicia on a phantom steed. In order to explore the ruin some more, Felicia didn’t want to go back. However, she realized that she couldn’t be foolish and had to return.
Due to the reversal of the losing battle, Chris and Vandal’s base was filled with vitality. 
As soon as he was informed that In-gong’s party was approaching, Chris leapt out of the tent and welcomed them with open arms. 
“Oh! These lucky people!” 
Chris rushed over to the phantom steeds. The first thing he did was hug Caitlin then In-gong tightly. 
‘Keook!’
Due to the fact that Chris was big and powerful, the hug itself was close to torture. However, it was still quite a good feeling. Chris released In-gong and headed towards Felicia, but he stopped short just before hugging her. 
"You did great work, Noonim.” 
Chris greeted her with both arms in an awkward position. Felicia, who shuddered like she was a little afraid he would hug her, grinned at him. 
"Well, it was nothing because I am me.” 
She lifted her chin with the arrogance of a princess but her words weren’t over yet. 
"Shutra and Caitlin helped me a lot.” 
Although her voice was smaller than before, she definitely mentioned them.
‘Her ears are red.’ 
In-gong just smiled while Caitlin alternated between looking at Chris and Felicia. 
"It is good to see Prince and the Princesses.” 
Vandal simply summarized the situation and Felicia nodded in response. Chris laughed and spoke to In-gong and Caitlin. 
"Take a break. I will take care of all the chores.” 
"What chores? Wasn’t the Red Lightning tribe swept up?” 
In a game, it was the end after defeating the enemy. However, reality was different. Moreover, there were still leaders in the Red Lightning tribe such as Kairam.
Chris replied to In-gong’s question,
“There are still things like the swamp monsters. We have to negotiate with the lizardmen.” 
The lizardmen attacked the expedition along with the Red Lightning tribe. It couldn’t be allowed to continue.
“It will take more than a fortnight to finish. Troops will then be stationed here to take care of the Red Lightning tribe.” 
Chris looked briefly at Vandal’s army that would be left here and asked Felicia. 
“Noonim, what will you do now?” 
In-gong didn’t understand the question but Felicia replied without hesitation. 
“Well, shouldn’t I follow you? I have to report the discovery and use of the anvil.”
“I will be returning with Caitlin.” 
In-gong was now able to understand what the two of them were talking about. 
The Red Lightning tribe mission has been accomplished. There was only one thing left to do: 
Return to the castle to receive the rewards for the merits. 
It was a return to the Demon King’s Palace.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 37 - Chapter 5: Entry #4 
Since Chris was responsible for the work with the lizardmen, In-gong was given his first period of free time since entering this world. 
‘I should use this opportunity to train harder.’ 
There was nothing for In-gong to do right now, so he just had to become stronger. 
In-gong had a fairly realistic personality.
He didn’t know if he had entered a game world or a world similar to a game. So, what was important? 
The reason why he entered this world? Survey the people in this world? Explore the world similar to playing a game? 
It was all wrong. The most important thing was to survive.
If he died, then everything else would be for nothing. He couldn’t do anything unless he lived. 
Fortunately, In-gong’s method for survival was pretty simple:
Become strong.
The strong wouldn’t die easily. If he got stronger, his position would be reinforced. There was a lot of work he had to do. 
In-gong had built up tremendous merits in the battle against the Red Lightning tribe. Due to the merits, In-gong would be able to put his hand on more strength. 
There were different means to become strong and In-gong wanted to be stronger than everyone else. 
‘I need to make a plan.’ 
Until now, he had become stronger in a fairly random manner. He learnt many things but he didn’t feel like an all-rounder.
'The basic things are Aura and Beast Authority.’ 
In-gong confirmed his course. It was due to the S rank Divine Beast Authority but also Earth Quaker. An S rank martial art and S rank hand weapon meeting each other was almost like destiny. 
‘My hidden card is Telekinesis.’ 
Although Telekinesis was still weak, he had a clear image of how to use it. Instead of directly attacking the enemy, he was going to use Telekinesis for other purposes.
‘Unfortunately, magic will have to become secondary.’
Among the skills learnt, magic was the most numerous. The problem was that they were all level one. 
‘Even having many low level spells is enough to become a magician.’ 
He would just have a little bit of recovery magic and secondary magic. The magic could be sometimes used to strike the enemy. 
That should be enough. Even though In-gong was a protagonist, it was better to concentrate on a few abilities in the early stages.
‘There is Earth Quaker.’ 
In-gong looked around and after confirming there was no one in the tent, he activated the inventory. Earth Quaker was at the top of the inventory that contained dozens of objects. 
‘Does it have a built-in ability?’
With S rank armour and weapons, special things were often built into them.
The mighty sword that Locke used had a built-in ‘Warrior’s Field’ that bombarded a wide range with Aura. When he played Zephyr, he liked picking Dragon Slayer and Dying Sleep which had ‘Dragon Strike’ and ‘Curse of Death’ built-in. 
He had never found Earth Quaker in Knight Saga, so he didn’t know what type of special weapon it was. However, there was a possibility it would have a built-in technology. 
‘Controlling the special skill... Earth Quaker can overcome a completely different level or ability.’ 
In-gong nodded quietly and closed his inventory window. He would have started practicing straight away but he had one more thing to think about. 
‘Returning to the Demon King’s Palace.’
The fight against the Red Lightning tribe was, in a way, simple. He just had to fight the Red Lightning tribe. It was a simple battle without any compromises. 
However, the Demon King’s Palace was different.
‘There are three factions in the Demon King’s Castle.’
In-gong placed a cup of water, a dagger and a kettle on the table. 
The cup of water represented the eldest son of the Demon King, 1st Prince Baikal Ragnaros.
The dagger was the second and worst prince, 2nd Prince Zephyr Ragnaros. 
The kettle was the 4th Princess Anastasia Nekrion. 
Baikal and Zephyr were brothers but they each led different factions. In a historical drama, it would be a fight between the elder son, with a legitimate claim, and the powerful second son. However, it had been somewhat different in Knight Saga. 
The order of birth had been meaningless in the war to become the Demon King’s successor. It was a structure where a pile of accomplishments were built and those who were more capable would stand at the top.
Baikal and Zephyr had been equally capable. While they received the support of their mother’s family, they had been proud that they had been able to stand alone above the other princes and princesses. 
Dragon blood -  they were draconians that inherited the blood of a great dragon species.
They had been the strongest among the families of the five queens. 
‘Of the two, I prefer Baikal.’
To distinguish between the two of them, Baikal was a dove and Zephyr was a hawk. Since he was the oldest son, Baikal had treated the other children of the Demon King as siblings rather than enemies. When he played Zephyr, the warm Baikal would host the tea parties that other children of the Demon King participated in. 
Baikal had been relatively safe until Year 516 when the lycanthrope subjugation occurred. After that day, Zephyr’s nature was exposed and the relationship between the brothers became the worst. Baikal had picked up his sword and maintained a moderate stance. 
'He would have been great if only the draconians weren’t enemies with the gandharva.’
One of the reasons why Shutra’s clan, the gandharva, was small was due to the clash with the draconians. 
The gandharva had been reduced by more than half, thus making them mortal enemies.
‘I have to keep my distance from Zephyr.’
There was nothing good about getting close to him. Of the three factions, Zephyr had the second largest but that only lasted until the Day of Massacre. None of the Demon King’s children under Zephyr survived. 
‘Anastasia... I don’t know. Would it be better to just keep a distance?’ 
The 4th Princess Anastasia Nekrion.
Her mother, the 2nd Queen Titania Nekrion was queen of the nighthags. (Nighthags/nightmares: a collective word for creatures that appear in dreams e.g. incubus and succubus) 
Among the three major human desires, the nighthags were extremely involved in sexual desire while sleeping.
A gifted seductress - Anastasia was talented in enslavement and had many devoted servants under her. He wasn’t sure when, but at some point in Knight Saga, Silvan and Felicia had joined her faction. 
‘If I manage to take Felicia and Silvan... there might be some friction.’ 
No, perhaps she would try to take In-gong from Chris.
‘I have to maintain my spirit.’ 
She was a succubus; an innate seducer and enslaver. He wondered if he could hold out if she decided to seriously acquire him. 
‘Next are the Demon King’s bastard children.’ 
In addition to the five queens, there were more than 10 concubines. Although Wang Geon of the Goryeo Dynasty had used this system to control his enemies, the concubines of the Demon King differed by species.
There were roughly 20 of them. Unlike the legitimate children of the Demon King, they didn’t deserve to be called the successor of the Demon King. Therefore, they usually played support or management roles under the children of the Demon King. 
The faces and names of the bastards In-gong encountered while playing Zephyr came to his head. There were those who truly adored Zephyr and those who In-gong liked. Yet, he had to get rid of all of them. It was a forced event, so In-gong had to curse every time he played it. 
The dryad druid, Daphne.
The blood vampire knight, Silas.  
The high elf archer, Selene. 
‘Let’s see if I can gain as many of them as possible.’
Of course, he was currently Shutra, so he needed to accumulate more achievements to acquire them.
‘Anyway, this visit will be a scouting mission.’
In fact, he was apprehensive about what type of situation Shutra would be in. He didn’t have any information about Shutra’s situation in the Demon King’s Palace. 
He didn’t know if there were any servants or maids in his home. No, was there even anyone to take care of Shutra? 
‘This is like my debut in the Demon King’s Palace.’ 
He had quite a few merits, so his treatment would obviously improve. Additionally, perhaps the children of the Demon King and their followers would start paying attention to Shutra. 
‘It’s okay, I’m not alone.’
He had Caitlin and Chris as strong allies and Felicia was likely to help him. 
‘Okay, then shall I start training?’ 
In-gong cleared away the troublesome thoughts and took a deep breath. He started to earnestly train in Beast Authority.
&
The next morning.
Felicia headed to the ruins with some dark elves, stating that she would investigate a little bit before leaving. Meanwhile, Chris headed to the swamp for negotiations with the lizardmen. 
Due to this, only In-gong, Vandal and Caitlin remained at the base. 
Caitlin came to In-gong’s tent early in the morning. 
"Today, I will start the special training. Are you ready?” 
Unlike her normal appearance, she was wearing really thick clothes. 
"I am ready.”
As In-gong replied confidently, Carack leaned towards Caitlin and said,
"Please do something. He does something else at night. It is his growing period, so I am worried about him not sleeping enough.” 
He was more like In-gong’s nanny than his knight. ‘Doing something else at night.’ He didn’t know what he would say if Caitlin misunderstood. 
However, there was no need to worry. Caitlin stared at In-gong before nodding toward Carack. 
“Don’t worry. Starting from today, I will make sure he gets a good night’s sleep.”
Her expression said that she would force him if she had to.
Caitlin's words weren’t a lie. The training wasn’t a joke and she made sure that In-gong didn’t train separately at night. 
And on the 11th day of Caitlin’s training: 
[The level of Beast Authority has risen.] 
[The level of Aura has risen.]
Beast Authority and Aura had both become level five.
The moment that In-gong heard those words, Caitlin looked at him differently. She looked In-gong up and down and said.
“You learn really fast. This is...”
Caitlin, with a slightly clouded expression, looked around before whispering in In-gong’s ears, 
"Should I introduce you to Divine Beast Authority?” 
The fact that In-gong was learning Divine Beast Authority was a secret. 
In-gong’s expression brightened as he exclaimed,
"Really?"
"Yes, I think it would be good to introduce you to Divine Beast Authority now. I am honestly really surprised. This is the first time I’ve seen someone learn so quickly.”
Although In-gong’s Aura level was too low to enter Divine Beast Authority, he had the minimum requirements necessary for the training course. 
‘Hehe, the protagonist body.’ 
Of course, it was also thanks to investing some skill points in Aura. Otherwise, In-gong wouldn’t have qualified so quickly even with Protagonist Body. 
Caitlin looked around again and said, 
"Divine Beast Authority is an evolutionary version of Beast Authority. Now, I will teach you a new aura management method.”
Caitlin said in a sitting posture with In-gong and extended both hands forward. This had already happened a few times, so In-gong grabbed Caitlin’s hands naturally. 
“I’ll start.”
Caitlin closed her eyes and a dark blue aura formed around her hands. The white aura produced from In-gong’s body started to circulate along with Caitlin’s aura. 
At first, it seemed like Beast Authority.
However, In-gong could feel the difference in the depth.
Aura. 
It was life force. Once it reached the ultimate state, it became the power of the soul. 
In-gong had yet to reach the end of Aura. However, he roughly knew what the power of the soul was: 
Conquest. 
The brute power of subjugation. 
It allowed him to feel a little piece of it. It was the first time In-gong felt true aura since beginning aura training. 
One minute, two minutes, maybe a few hours or days - he didn’t know how much time passed.
As time flew passed, In-gong awakened naturally.
He could see Caitlin sitting in the darkness with her eyes closed. 
[You have learnt Divine Beast Authority Lv1.] 
[The level of Beast Authority has risen.]
[The level of Aura has risen.]
His understanding of aura itself had risen; he had crossed a wall. 
And the last one... 
Crossing the wall was an achievement. 
[Your level has risen.] 
A white light surrounded In-gong’s body.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 38 - Chapter 5: Entry #5
‘Level up.’ 
In-gong was now level 14. Now, his abilities had increased to the extent that he couldn’t be compared to Villager A anymore. 
However, it was Aura that made In-gong more excited. 
‘I have been wrong so far.’ 
He’d thought that Aura was growing with every level, but now in hindsight, he felt like a frog inside a well.
‘I am looking forward to it.’ 
He would need to cross a mountain then another mountain but it felt rather pleasant. He was thrilled to see what type of landscape would unfold beyond the mountain. 
‘Caitlin.’
In-gong settled his excitement about Aura and looked at Caitlin sitting in front of him. He could still feel Caitlin’s aura through their entwined hands and In-gong could see something. 
Caitlin also crossed a wall. Whether In-gong influenced Caitlin or she influenced him, it was clear that both of them had grown one step further.
As he watched, Caitlin sighed suddenly. She was surrounded by a blue aura as she slowly opened her eyes and smiled. 
“Thank you, Shutra. It is all thanks to you.”
She was enlightened after feeling Shura’s aura. She had found a new and unfamiliar road in Divine Beast Authority, a technique that she had been training in for many years already. 
Caitlin was able to gain a deep understanding from the aura that came from In-gong. In-gong and Caitlin’s auras had harmonized. They had pushed and pulled at each other like water. 
It was a pleasant surprise. 
In-gong and Caitlin had both felt it. 
"Interesting."
In-gong and Caitlin looked around in surprise as a voice was suddenly heard. A man was sitting inside the tent where In-gong was doing his martial arts training. 
"General Vandal?” 
As In-gong exclaimed in a shocked voice, Vandal touched his chin and said, 
"8th Princess and 9th Prince haven’t slept or eaten in a few days, so many people are worried. In particular, the aide of the princess.” 
In-gong and Caitlin were surprised to learn that it had been a few days. It seemed like now was the time to sleep. 
A new voice interrupted then. 
“Right. Seira is pretty worried.”
Carack was sitting next to Vandal. Carack had a hulking figure but he seemed small next to Vandal. 
In-gong asked hurriedly,
"Carack, how many days have passed?” 
"Uh... Now, it is dawn.. At a rough guess, I think it has been four days? That reminds me, aren’t you hungry?” 
Once Carack rubbed his belly while asking, In-gong also looked down at his belly. Now that it was pointed out, he was aware of an empty feeling in his stomach. Caitlin didn’t say anything but her red cheeks indicated that she was also hungry.
'By the way, four days... Has it been that long?’ 
He hadn’t been able to feel the flow of time properly until he opened his eyes. It had seemed like a moment or a few years.
‘Was I in a trance?’ 
It was a fairly fresh feeling. 
‘Anyway, it has passed.’ 
“I am hungry. Give me something to eat. Prepare some for Noona as well.” 
He glanced at Caitlin and saw her smile slightly. Caitlin was definitely hungry.
It was at that moment. Vandal, who they had forgotten about due to the sudden switch in topic, spoke again. 
"Let’s eat together. I am also hungry.” 
"Then I will get some food.” 
As a competent subordinate, Carack read the atmosphere and rose from his seat. 
Vandal spoke again,
"Both of you are strong. You have crossed one wall. Congratulations.” 
As a blood ogre, an ogre variant, the strong Vandal was also a master of Aura. Caitlin smiled at the heartfelt praise. 
"Thank you, Vandal."
"9th Prince and 8th Princess, I will have high expectations of you in the future.” 
Both of them showed dazzlingly fast growth. In particular, In-gong’s growth was astonishing. 
It was difficult for In-gong to miss the admiration in Vandal’s eyes. Once again, Vandal was Vandal. 
‘That reminds me, he saw the level-up effect... Does he think it is the effect of Aura?’ 
He didn’t say anything, so it didn’t seem like a big deal to him.
"Let’s eat!” 
At that moment, Carack rejoined them with two large food baskets. As if that wasn’t enough, Seira appeared behind Carack with a basket in both hands.
Whether it was because he hadn’t eaten for four days or because he was starving, he didn’t stop eating once food entered his mouth. Caitlin seemed self-conscious at first, but after seeing Vandal and Carack eating quickly, she started to eat comfortably without worrying about the situation. 
Everybody focused on eating for a while. An hour and a half later, the food baskets were empty and they faced each other with relaxed expressions. 
"Both of you seem healthy, so I will be leaving. I’ll see you later.”
Vandal stood up first. Caitlin’s posture became more relaxed and she said,
"Oppa will be back in a day or two. Unfortunately, I can only give you this much special training. You should review what you have learnt slowly over the rest of the year.” 
The fact that Caitlin was teaching In-gong Divine Beast Authority was even kept a secret from Seira. Therefore, Caitlin lowered her voice. 
“I will try to find some extra time later.”
Caitlin was telling him to hide Divine Beast Authority and In-gong nodded with a pleased expression. 
“I understand, thank you.” 
Although it was the result of a political deal with Chris, he had received so many things from Caitlin that it was difficult to be calculative, especially in regards to her hospitality.
‘I’m glad that I met Chris and Caitlin first.’ 
If those two people hadn’t been in Knight Saga, he might have died.
‘That reminds me.’ 
Something probably popped into his mind. In-gong cautiously asked Caitlin who was still looking at him warmly. 
“Uh... Caitlin noona. Can I ask you something?” 
“What is it?”
“Um... You don’t have to answer if it is difficult to talk about.” 
“What is it? Please speak.” 
There was something he had been curious about. Carack was eating fruit as dessert but he started to look at In-gong curiously.
In-gong laughed awkwardly and said,
"Why is Chris hyung at odds with Felicia noona? Did something bad happen between them? I think there has to be something. Was there an incident in the past?” 
It didn’t seem like there was direct hostility between the two of them. Although Chris sounded a little sarcastic, he still called Felicia by the honorific Noonim. It might be ironic but Felicia also didn’t seem to hate Chris. 
Felicia was a talented person who had to be brought into his alliance in the future. It would be difficult if she didn’t get along with Chris who was equally important. 
"Uhh... I don’t think there was an incident directly related to Chris oppa and Felicia unni.”
“Then?” 
"I think it is a problem between Chris oppa and Felicia’s oppa. Unfortunately, I don’t know what happened between the two of them.”
Caitlin’s expression darkened as she thought about the problem, but then she smiled brightly. 
“Still, it is a good thing. I think that I have become good friends with Felicia unni during this expedition. Unni’s relationship with Chris oppa also seems to have improved.” 
In-gong had to agree. The relationship between the two of them had improved after the Red Lightning tribe was defeated. 
Caitlin sighed and wriggled her fingers. 
"I want to be close to my other brothers and sisters... but my mother and Chris oppa don’t like me going to the Demon King’s Palace. It has been a long time since I’ve been back.” 
It made sense if it was the 4th Queen Elaine Moonlight. However, she said that Chris was also nervous about it. 
‘Does Chris know? That Caitlin isn’t the child of the Demon King?’
The nature of the lycanthropes meant it was possible that Chris was already king of the lycanthropes. It was likely that Queen Elaine had told him her secret so that he could protect Caitlin. 
“Then I will be leaving now. Shutra, have a good night’s sleep.” 
Caitlin said while getting up. In-gong also stood up and replied, 
“Yes, Noona should sleep well also. Thank you for the last few days.” 
It might have been a few days but it only felt like minutes.
“Goodnight.”
Carack also got up and bowed to Seira, who said goodbye back. During the last fortnight, In-gong and Caitlin had been training together, so they were forced to become friendly with each other. 
Once Caitlin and Seira left the tent, In-gong lay down. Carack shook his head and while removing the food baskets, he said,
"At least lie down on the bed, the bed. And you should wash up first.” 
"Yes, it has been a few days. I don’t know what I did.” 
"Well, rest well. I will check up on Prince once in awhile.” 
Carack smiled as he left the tent with the food baskets. In-gong closed his eyes instead of following Carack’s nagging and fell into a deep sleep.
&
Chris returned the afternoon after In-gong finished his special training with Caitlin. His face was bright, so it seemed like his negotiations with the lizardmen had gone well. 
Felicia returned to the base in the evening of the same day Chris returned. Unlike Chris, her face was upset but they couldn’t delay any longer. 
"The princes and princesses are impressive.” 
The next morning, Vandal said goodbye to the party that was ready to leave. 
Chris faced Vandal with the dignity of a prince while Felicia arrogantly said goodbye to Vandal. Caitlin smiled honestly like always. 
Vandal said goodbye to In-gong last. He stared down at In-gong and extended a finger.
"I am looking forward to seeing you again, 9th Prince.” 
"I am as well, Vandal.” 
In-gong shook Vandal’s finger. It was a brief goodbye but it seemed like Vandal was very impressed with him. 
‘Someday.’ 
Vandal was expecting In-gong’s growth. Then what if they met again? He might be strong enough to acquire Vandal. 
In-gong nodded energetically at the thought. Felicia, who was staring at them, gave a strange smile.
“What?”
"No, it is like seeing a connection between a boy and a wild animal.”
After that, she summoned the phantom steeds for the party. 
&
The return journey was fairly simple. 
Felicia summoned the phantom steed to return to a transfer formation, where the transfer magicians returned them to the Demon King’s Palace. 
There were transfer formations installed in various parts of the Demon World to allow for long range space leaps. 
In Knight Saga, it had been written that the transfer formations were a key that allowed the Demon King to control the entire Demon World.
The closest transfer formation was far from the base, so they had to travel there using the phantom steeds. It was a short flight, so they hadn’t considered staying at a hostel. They had to set up camp at night but it felt like a camping trip without any discomfort. 
'It is good if everyone uses this time to get to know each other better.’ 
The relationship between Chris and Felicia was still ambiguous, but there was fairly big progress between Felicia and Caitlin. 
And on the third day, the party arrived at the tower where the transfer formation was installed. 
The tower was small and the number of people staying there was smaller.
As four children of the Demon King appeared at once, the tower’s manager became frantic but Chris handled him. Felicia stepped forward and directly manipulated the transfer formation.
‘Aren’t both of them strangely excited?’ 
Chris was slightly more subtle but Felicia’s emotion was obvious. As first she didn’t want to go back, but now she wanted to return as soon as possible. 
Thanks to Chris and Felicia, In-gong’s party only stayed at the tower for 20 minutes. He prepared his mind for moving through the transfer formation. 
In-gong closed his eyes reflexively when moving through the transfer formation. Unlike the dwarf portal, he felt the movements clearly. It was like experiencing a rollercoaster ride. 
It was big. The tower that they moved to was much bigger and filled with gorgeous decorations. 
The biggest difference was the number of people gathered in front of the binary formation. 
“Felicia unni!”
"Noonim, I have been waiting for you.” 
"You're still beautiful, Felicia." 
Boys and girl in the mid-teens and mid-20s flocked to Felicia like the fan club of an idol. 
"Hung, you came here again.”
Felicia scoffed but her ears and cheeks were red.
‘Are they her subordinates?’ 
It seemed like three or four of them were children of the concubines while the rest were subordinates. 
“Your Highness, Prince Chris.”
“Caitlin, it has been a long time.”
There were fewer people compared to Felicia, but some still came to Caitlin and Chris.
'Is there no one?’ 
In-gong didn’t have anyone come to greet him at the transfer formation. Most of them weren’t looking at In-gong, but a few people smiled at him. 
‘It is easy to understand.’ 
He roughly knew what type of treatment Shutra received here. 
‘Okay, things will change from now on.’
In-gong took a deep breath and straightened his posture. 
This was a house, a battlefield and a place of conflict. 
He had arrived at the Demon King’s Palace.
Author's Note: Just to recap...
1. The reaction/effect with the people who saw In-gong level up.
1) Caitlin-> Claimed to be a gandharva blessing.
2) Carack-> It is just magic.
3) Felicia-> Whether she saw it or not is uncertain. Since Felicia never mentioned anything, In-gong guessed that she didn’t see it.
4) Vandal-> No other reaction. 
2. There are rules about what In-gong can put into the inventory. This will be revealed through future developments.
See you tomorrow.
Today is a happy day :D



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 39 - Chapter 6: Encounter 
He would obviously be alone after traveling through the transfer formation. 
'Ah, a correction. I still have Carack.’ 
Felicia had vanished somewhere with her followers. There were many people lingering in the area, so it could feel overwhelming. 
Chris and Caitlin had less people but unlike the excitement and passion of Felicia’s followers, they seemed calm and serious. Chris lowered his voice as he moved and Caitlin followed Chris silently, sending a glance to In-gong before she left. 
It might be considered as neglecting In-gong but he wasn’t confused at all. It was because he had already foreseen this situation. Felicia, Chris and Caitlin had warned him in advance that they would have to leave him alone.  
The official event schedule, including the first court gathering, would start from tomorrow. If this had been an ordinary palace, there would be a tight schedule for the princes and princesses. However, the Demon King’s Palace was different. 
Freedom - if he thought about it another way, it was neglect. 
Chris and Caitlin were busy because they had a lot of people to meet. Meanwhile, In-gong had no one. 
‘It was decided that I will meet Chris and Caitlin again in the evening.’
Thus, it was okay. Now, it was time to enjoy the freely given time. 
‘It is good that it is quiet.’ 
All the people that had gathered at the transfer formation site for various reasons, including Felicia’s and Chris’ followers, were gone. 
Carack, who was watching the view, moved his head from side to side. 
"Prince, you are a prince, right? Did I miss something?” 
"I am a prince.”
There was no one here but he was clearly a prince.
"Follow me. Let’s unload all the gear first.”
“Understood.” 
Carack replied while lifting the large bag on his back. 
"Your Highness, the 9th Prince.”
A beautiful woman appeared at the entrance. She was a dark elf dressed in the blue uniform of a lower official of the Demon King’s Palace. 
‘Oh, that’s right.’ 
No matter what the situation was, it didn’t make sense that there would be no one present for Shutra. 
"Prince’s subordinate? Then you are my co-worker.”
Carack smiled as he asked. The dark elf female remained silent as she ignored Carack and approached In-gong. 
‘Pretty.’ 
She was a beauty with the slim body of an elf and purple hair. The short, neatly cropped hair gave her the atmosphere of a cool urban woman. 
‘It is a bit surprising that it is a dark elf instead of a gandharva.’
However, that had no meaning. The fact that he had a subordinate was more important. It was also good that she was a pretty female. 
In-gong pushed down his excitement and remained composed as he waited for the woman. The woman looked over In-gong and said words he hadn’t expected. 
“Are you really the 9th Prince Shutra?”
“Huh? Uh, why?” 
Wasn’t he Shutra? Was she truly his subordinate? 
"My name is Flora Sevensword. I belong to the Demon King’s Palace’s real estate administration. It is an honour.” 
Flora followed up with more words. 
“I heard the news. You can now choose a new home according to 9th Prince’s achievements.”
“Huh?”
New home? 
The reason for In-gong’s confusion was simple. In Knight Saga, it was common for treatment to improve if there were more achievements. However, there had never been a case of a new home being assigned.
‘Ah, that is because I was Zephyr.’ 
Zephyr stayed in a mansion that was supplied by his mother’s family. Therefore, it wasn’t necessary to receive a new place of residence. In the first place, it was doubtful if there was any place in the city that was better to live than Zephyr’s mansion. 
However, Shutra was different. There were many mansions in the Demon King’s Palace that were much better than Shutra’s old home. 
'There is no reason not to give it to me.’ 
In-gong was convinced and nodded with delight. 
“I understand. Then should I go the Merits Department to choose?” 
"That's correct. Should I guide you to the Merits Department?”
"Please.”
He already knew the location of the Merits Department. However, In-gong accepted Flora’s offer just in case the layout was different from Knight Saga. 
“I understand. I’ll take the lead.” 
Flora said respectfully before turning around and taking the lead. 
Carack gazed at her rear view and laughed. 
"Oh, you really are the 9th Prince.” 
"I am a prince.”
In-gong shrugged and started moving.
&
The Demon King’s Palace wasn’t just one big and terrifying castle like those commonly found in RPGs. 
There were several small castles and palaces surrounded by walls, as well as comfortable living spaces arranged among well-kept roads that were like towns and cities. 
The Merits Department was located at the North Building after passing through a deep path in the forest. The transfer formation was located in the same building, so In-gong’s party could arrive there quickly. 
‘The transfer formation is on the 1st floor of the building while the Merits Department is on the 2nd floor. It is the same as Knight Saga.’
However, it was different seeing it in reality compared to in the game. 
Flora guided In-gong to the Merits Department before retreating. He felt regret sending her away like this but it wasn’t her position. 
After Flora left, In-gong looked at the nameplate that stated ‘Merits Department’ on the intimidating door. His heart unknowingly became warmer. 
‘It is great to see it.’ 
The Merits Department was the place that In-gong knew the best while playing Knight Saga. He also missed the NPC Isabella who was in charge of the Merits Department. 
In-gong felt the same sense of subtle appreciation like he did when gazing at Vandal but he couldn’t delay due to Carack. In-gong opened the door to the Merits Department. 
The Merits Department wasn’t that great. It was like the VIP room of a bank with a fine desk and one staff member. 
There was an intelligent looking lamia (a species with the upper half of a beautiful woman and the lower half of a snake) with red hair at the desk.
It was Isabella who In-gong had missed. 
Isabella was dressed in a neat uniform suited for a lamia and turned around to gaze at Shutra. 
In-gong walked in front of Isabella. 
“9th Prince Shutra Agnus.” 
Isabella was surprised for a moment but she quickly restored her professional expression. She gave a faint smile towards In-gong. 
"Isabella from the Merits Department greets 9th Prince.”
She bowed elegantly and continued speaking,
“Thank you for visiting the Merits Department. I welcome 9th Prince for your first visit.” 
‘She doesn’t know about me.’ 
She said that this was his first visit, implying that he hadn’t made any achievements so far. 
It was so sad that In-gong wanted to sigh, however, he couldn’t waste time. He sat down at the chair placed in front of the desk for visitors. 
“I’ve come to check my achievements. It is said that my merits level has increased, so I can get a new place to live.” 
“Please wait a moment.” 
The somewhat excited Isabella moved her fingers in the air and something similar to In-gong’s status window floated there.
[9th Prince Shutra Agnus] 
[Merits Level 0-> 5] 
[Cumulative Merits: 0-> 15,000] 
[Currently Available Merits:  15,000] 
[Merits related to participating in the Red Lightning expedition] 
-Dwarf cave/portal discovery. 
-Defeating the Red Lightning chief Kaichin’s army. 
-Killing Kaichin/ Kaidum. 
-Rescuing 7th Princess Felicia.
-Causing a food shortage at the base of the Red Lightning tribe.
-Found/secured the Thunder Light Anvil. 
-Red Lightning expedition’s first class merit award. 
[The 9th Prince’s merits level will increase to 5.] 
[The facilities available to use inside the Demon King’ Palace has increased.]
[The monthly allowance has increased from 5 gold to 500 gold.]
‘Only five gold?’ 
This explained the decorations inside his tent. Five gold a month - even Carack received more than that.
Now, it was increased to 500 gold. His merits level was also five. 
That wasn’t the only thing that had risen.
“Really wonderful!” 
Isabella exclaimed with a wide smile. Her cheeks turned red as she expressed her sincere admiration. 
"9th Prince has raised so many merits on your first assignment. It is shameful but I thought there might have been an error when I first received news of Prince’s merits. This is really great.” 
It was just as good as listening to Caitlin’s praise. In-gong smiled and said in a relaxed voice,
"Thank you, Isabella. Then can you tell me what new homes are available?” 
“I understand. Please wait a moment.” 
Isabella answered again as her fingers moved. This time, light gushed up from the floor to form a large map. It was so precise that it seemed like a 3D image.
"It is possible to select one of three available mansions. There is no difference in the performance because all three are grade 2 mansions.” 
As Isabella came out from the desk and stood in front of the map, a blue light flowed in three parts of the map. 
Within the Demon King’s Palace, the building rating didn’t simply mean the building and the surrounding area. It included how much magic power could be supplied, additional facilities that could be installed and so on.  
In-gong thought hard as he stared at the map. It was interesting that the location of the three mansions were extremely different. They were located at the east, west and south directions respectively.
‘I would prefer to be near Chris, Caitlin or Felicia.’ 
Caitlin’s home was in the east of the Demon King’s Palace while Felicia lived in the west. Due to this, In-gong automatically eliminated the home in the south and examined the different conditions. 
'I want to stay as far away from Zephyr and Anastasia as possible...’
In the end, the only one left was the mansion in the east. In-gong raised his head and gazed at Isabella. 
“Over there.”
“I understand. I will contact the Real Estate Department to register this place as the home of 9th Prince.” 
Isabella then asked an additional question. 
“How would you like the compensation for your achievements? Do you want to receive it here?” 
The reason for this question was because In-gong went from level zero to level five instantly. Even if he only took one per level, the amount would be huge.
 ‘The compensation isn’t necessarily items or money.’
When he had played Zephyr, he received rides such as a griffon or hippogriff a compensation. 
"Please deliver it to the new address. Is that possible?” 
"Of course. I will handle it in the manner that you indicated.”
Isabella was just as blunt in reality as she had been in Knight Saga. 
"Then 9th Prince, I will ask one last thing. Do you intend to use your merit values?” 
Carack was confused by the mention of ‘merit values’ but In-gong understood immediately. 
The role of the Merits Department wasn’t merely to appreciate the achievements. 
As the merit level rose, treatment would improve. However, this wasn’t the end.
The princes and princess could use the merit value to buy necessary things at the stores. Even if the merit values were consumed, their merit level wouldn’t be decreased. Therefore, they could use merit values to purchase things when necessary. 
In-gong thought about it for a moment before making a decision. 
"I’ll hire additional employees. Can you show me the list?” 
“I understand. Please wait a moment.”
Isabella returned to her desk and her fingers moved quickly. Carack approached In-gong and asked in a small voice,
"Employees? Are you talking about someone like a gardener?” 
"Yes, that is one example of an employee.”
If they were simply gardeners or servants, he wouldn’t have to waste the merit value. In-gong wanted someone to manage the mansion when he wasn’t there. 
"This is the list of employees who can move to 9th Prince’s mansion.” 
As Isabella’s fingers moved, a field of light filled with people’s names appeared. Once In-gong placed his finger on a name, the face and a simple profile were displayed separately. 
'Uhh, I want someone to manage the mansion, so should I hire a professional butler?’ 
While playing Zephyr, there was a butler attached to the mansion so he didn’t need to hire one. Therefore, it was In-gong’s first time picking a butler. 
‘Their abilities are similar. Should I do separate interviews?’
In-gong contemplated the list one by one.
“Oh, Prince. This person. Isn’t it the one from earlier?” 
Carack’s thick finger was pointing to the bottom of the list. In-gong reflexively looked down to see a familiar name. 
[Flora Sevensword] 
[Butler/ Maid function available] 
[Uniqueness: A follower of the goddess of dreams and shadows, Kayla] 
‘This is it.’
In-gong looked at Carack. Carack read his master’s mind and nodded quietly.
&
"It is great to see you again." 
Approximately 15 minutes later. 
Flora greeted them outside the Merits Department but there was a little bit of confusion on her face. 
In-gong smiled brightly and asked her to guide them to the mansion.
“I understand. I’ll take the lead.” 
She coolly took the lead just like before. In-gong said goodbye to Isabella and left the Merits Department. 
Carack came out along with In-gong and chuckled at In-gong.
“What?”
"Prince, you really are a prince.” 
"Yes, so serve me well.” 
In-gong and Carack followed Flora down the corridor with pleased expressions. The distance to the new residence was far, so it was tiring to walk. 
‘I’m not done with the schedule for today.’ 
He still had to meet Caitlin in the evening. 
In-gong didn’t intend to be locked inside his house. 
This was the Demon King’ Palace. It was a place of opportunity where all the children of the Demon King were gathered.
‘Should I make them look at me?’ 
There was a sly smile on In-gong’s face.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 40 - Chapter 6: Encounter #2
The dryad druid, Daphne.
She had been 17 in the Year 513. Therefore, in Year 512, she was 16.
She often frequented the Great Garden and Botanical Garden in the Demon King’s Palace. 
Her hobby including sunbathing and all boys, girls, women and men considered her a beauty. 
The vampire blood knight, Silas. 
He was 17 years old. The areas he frequented were the training ground and art museums. 
His hobbies were cleaning equipment and painting. 
The high elf archer, Selene.  
She was 14 years old. The areas she frequented were the stables, training centres and libraries. 
Her hobbies included reading romance novels and taking care of horses.
When he thought of the names, he was reminded of their age, areas they liked to frequent and hobbies. 
‘I must secure one of these three children of the concubines.’
When Knight Saga had first begun in Year 513, those three were definitely in the faction of a prince or princess. All three of them weren’t adults yet and they liked to go around alone. 
'I met Nayatra for the first time outside the Demon King’s Palace, I can get Vandal if I am stronger than him and Sektum is wandering around the wilderness right now.’ 
Nayatra, the succubus, was one of Zephyr’s escort knights. 
Vandal, the ogre, was responsible for being the vanguard of the team. 
Sektum was called the worst necromancer. 
In the case of Nayatra, he had met her at the underground slave market, so it was important to earn enough money before then.
‘It was completely lucky that I found Sektum in a random area... I will put it off for now.’
After thinking about his favourite subordinates when playing Zephyr, he came up with another influential person. 
Gallehed, Caitlin’s true father and the strongest of the five captains. 
‘He is on the same side as Caitlin, so I might be able to get along with him.’ 
He couldn’t think of a way to approach the other captains right now. Even when he had been playing Zephyr, he didn’t know them that well until Zephyr’s merit level was high enough.
'Okay, then Daphne, Silas and Selene are at the top of the list while I will ponder about the rest.’ 
In-gong finished thinking and nodded with a cheerful expression.
'By the way, where is this place?’ 
“We are here.” 
Just as In-gong was about to check the mini-map, Flora’s voice stopped him. Carack, who was following behind her, let out a cry of admiration.
“Ohh.” 
A picturesque house was literally right in front of him. A stone wall surrounded the entire mansion and inside was a spacious garden with a cozy looking two-storey mansion. 
The mansions located on the east side went for practicality rather than glamour. The soft ivy coloured walls and red roof gave it a calm feeling. 
The mansion would be his residence in the future, so In-gong was rather excited.
Once he entered the grounds of the mansion, he saw things that had previously been blocked by the stone walls. 
On one side of the garden, there were items that seemed to be sent from the Merits Department for his achievements and a group of people was standing next to it. 
"9th Prince, welcome back.” 
Out of the group that seemed a little less than 10 people, one person stepped forward and greeted In-gong. It was a middle-aged man who gave off a somewhat relaxed impression. 
"I received word that you were moving residences, so I packed up quickly.”
In-gong had never seen the face before but In-gong could guess his identity. 
‘The people who serve Shutra.’ 
When he looked closely, the nine people didn’t belong to the same group. Six of them originally belonged to this mansion and the rest were people who used to serve Shutra.
‘Did they get the message that I was coming back?’ 
Come to think of it, he didn’t see any direct servants greet Caitlin and Chris at the transfer formation. Most of them were the children of the concubines and their subordinates. 
In-gong smiled awkwardly and looked closer at the three men, beginning with the middle-aged man. 
‘They’re not gandharva.’
Pure blood gandharva gave off a fragrant scent similar to a fruit. None of the three had a sweet scent coming from their bodies. In fact, two of the three people had blue skin, so they obviously weren’t gandharva. 
In-gong felt uncomfortable about this point. No matter how much the population of the gandarva had decreased, did it make sense that there wouldn’t be a gandharva serving their prince? 
It seemed like there was a matter In-gong didn’t know about. Shutra’s role in Knight Saga had been very small, so In-gong didn’t know a lot about the gandharva.
‘I’ll have to find out.’
He was currently Shutra. There was a need to learn properly. 
"Welcome. Please look after me in the future.” 
“I understand.”
In-gong introduced both Carack and Felicia. As expected, the six people standing beside Shutra’s old servants were those who belonged to the mansion. 
After the introductions were over, the woman who seemed to be the oldest among the servants bowed. 
“Your Highness, there are guests waiting inside.”
“Guests?”
He just moved, so who would already know where to find him? 
‘No, is there anyone who would even come?’ 
In-gong hurried forward. 
In the reception room located next to the mansion’s hall, there were two beauties sitting next to each other while drinking tea. In-gong knew their faces. 
“Felicia noona? Caitlin noona?” 
Felicia, who had disappeared with her followers, was here. Additionally, wasn’t he supposed to meet with Caitlin in the evening?
"Where have you been? Did you walk here?” 
As Felicia said, people usually rode something instead of walking.
In-gong sat down next to both of them and asked, 
“Why are both of you here?” 
He was really curious about it, but Felicia sighed like it was rather absurd. 
“Shutra, tomorrow is the first court gathering. It is also an official court gathering. Are you properly prepared?” 
"Prepared?”
“Surely you don’t intend to go to a court gathering dressed like that?” 
Felicia frowned as she looked In-gong up and down. He was still wearing the same attire worn through the Red Lightning tribe expedition and he had only taken off the cloak and leather armour. 
“Uh, no?” 
The clothing was a problem that In-gong hadn’t even thought about. Felicia covered her face with both hands, deeply sighed and rose from her seat. 
"Tomorrow is your official presentation of your merits to the court. Then your merit for saving me will be announced! That can’t be!” 
The 6th Princess, Felicia Doomblade. 
Felicia, whose cheeks were red from shame or embarrassment, quickly waved her hands and said,
"There is no time to make new clothes, but it might be possible to fix already existing ones. It is time to get ready.”
“Huh? Now?” 
Wasn’t he going to meet Daphne or Silas? 
However, Felicia didn’t allow him to argue. She grabbed In-gong’s arm with a beautiful but scary smile.
"Now, let's get started."
He wondered what was going on. In-gong started sweating and looked hurriedly at Carack. However, Carack wasn’t free either. Caitlin got up quickly and grabbed Carack’s hand. 
"Carack will get ready with me.”
“Uhh? I have to prepare as well?”
Carack asked In-gong with confusion. Caitlin laughed and nodded. 
"We have to bring an aide to the court gathering. Carack is Shutra’s only knight. You have to dress up nicely.
“I am looking forward to it.” 
Seira appeared out of nowhere and placed a hand on Carack’s shoulder.
&
There were two types of court gatherings at the Demon King’s Palace.
One was the informal court gathering while the other was the formal court gathering. 
In the case of the informal court gathering, only the officials were gathered. However, a formal one was different.  
All the children of the Demon King presently in the palace as well as the five captains under the Demon King would be gathered in one place. Many officials and nobles who wanted to shine would gather at the Demon King’s Palace to participate. 
Although a formal court gathering wasn’t held every time a child of the Demon King returned, this time a great military suppression was completed and four children of the Demon King were involved. Therefore, it had been decided that a formal court gathering would be held. 
‘The game and reality are different.’ 
He had participated in a few formal court gatherings while playing Knight Saga. However, this was a real situation, so one corner of his heart trembled as he stood in a waiting room. 
'Demon King... the sura king, Mitra.’
A being seemingly oblivious to his children, including Zephyr, he was the strongest person in the Demon World; the ruler of the Demon World. 
In-gong had to face him. Not only that, the gazes of many people would be turned toward In-gong. 
“Prince, I’m nervous.” 
Sweat flowed down Carack as he spoke. In-gong had wondered if there would be any clothes that fit Carack, but that was just a delusion. This place was the Demon King’s Palace. It was a place where all types of people gathered, so there were clothes suitable for Carack. 
It was interesting to see Carack wearing a formal suit and red cloak, but In-gong couldn’t laugh. He responded with a stiff expression. 
"Is that so? I’m also nervous.”
In-gong was wearing white clothes picked by Felicia. In-gong had silver grey hair that was close to white, so it was awkward to wear white clothes. However, he couldn’t refuse Felicia’s choices. 
"It's okay. Both of you look terrific.”
"Time, just a little bit more time...” 
Caitlin and Seira were waiting with In-gong and Carack, while Felicia was accompanied by Delia. Felicia had gotten to play dress up with In-gong all day yesterday but it didn’t feel like it was enough.
Caitlin and Seira were dressed in long blue clothes while Felicia and Delia weren’t afraid to wear purple swimsuit like clothing that was customary for dark elves. The parts that were usually exposed were covered with a black mesh. 
Felicia was highly exposed while Caitlin gave off the opposite impression. Both of them looked good. 
Chris was looking at them from where he was leaning against the waiting room wall. He then approached In-gong. Chris was wearing dark blue clothes instead of his usual bandit-like clothing. 
“Shutra, this is your first court gathering. And I assure you... You are today’s hero.” 
Chris and Caitlin had achieved merits many times. Felicia also succeeded in ruins excavation several times.
However, In-gong was different. 
It was the first time and he gained so many merits the first time that it would be shocking.
Other children of the Demon King would be left alone, but he was different. 
Some people would think he was just lucky. 
However, everyone would be paying attention to In-gong. They would think again when looking at him. 
“You will be shown off to everyone in the Demon King’s Palace.” 
Chris said, staring into In-gong’s eyes. The time came and the door to the waiting room opened.
It was the beginning of the court gathering.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 41 - Chapter 6: Encounter #3 
The black castle, deep inside the forest to the north, was called the True Demon King’s Palace. It was the place where the Demon King lived. 
Located in the centre of the palace was the magnificent room where the court gathering would take place. There were high ceilings reminiscent of the night sky and a space without pillars that was wide enough to accommodate hundreds of people at a time.
Among the five queens, only four were staying in their hometowns, with the exception of Shutra’s mother, 5th Queen Semita Ignus, who had died early. Therefore, the only female present at the court gathering was 4th Princess Anastasia Nekrion. 
Standing behind her were ten of the Demon King’s concubines and their children. At first glance, they seemed to be gathered together without any distinction but there was an invisible wall between them. 
Some time passed. 
Finally, the door opened and the four protagonists of today’s court gathering entered. Silent gazes enveloped the four people instantly. 
‘Their eyes are all gazing here.’ 
Looking at the front where faces were visible, In-gong was able to recognize most of them. It was because the main characters of Knight Saga were gathered here.
'Let's concentrate.’ 
He dispersed his consciousness around his surroundings. It wasn’t the time to glance around now. 
There were enemies and there were allies but that was a normal story in Knight Saga. Nothing was confirmed about Shutra since he was starting from zero. The difference was that he had built an alliance with Chris and Caitlin who were considered middle ranked bosses. Additionally, if he had been Zephyr, it would have been impossible to get close to Felicia. 
In-gong settled his heart and stood up straight. He took a dignified step forward under all the gazes. 
Chris stopped moving in the middle of the long red path leading up to the Demon King. Caitlin, Felicia and In-gong, who had been walking next to him, stopped stopped as well, while the supporters stood in place three steps behind them. 
“I greet the ruler of the Demon World.”
Chris played a leading role in the Red Lightning tribe suppression. Therefore, he represented all of them as he went down on one knee. Everybody standing beside him took the same action.
It was silent despite the fact that there were over 100 people gathered in a large room. 
In-gong swallowed his saliva while bowing. He couldn’t even think about Carack behind him. 
The quality of the gazes changed. It felt like all the eyes had converged into one on his body. 
"I will report the merits of the princes and princess.”
A familiar voice broke the heavy silence. It was Isabella from the Merits Department. 
“The 7th Prince, Chris Moonlight.” 
Once Isabella called him, Chris alone stood up. Isabella, who stood on the lowest level of the three-tiered dais, announced Chris’ merits in a cheerful voice. 
The only response was silence. Some smiled at Chris’ activities while others glowered. 
The mood slowly changed as Caitlin and Felicia’s achievements were announced successively. 
Finally, it was In-gong’s turn. 
“The 9th Prince, Shutra Agnus.”
In-gong stood up slowly and saw the Demon King in front of him. He was sitting on a huge throne at the very top level of the dias. 
He was a giant but even so, it wasn’t due to his body. He just gave off an enormous presence. His marble white skin was covered with long black hair. Due to his coarse face, it was hard to guess his age. Furthermore, he seemed both young and old. 
In-gong couldn’t look away. He hadn’t even looked at the five captains that were on the level below the Demon King. The Demon King’s red eyes had caught In-gong. 
The distance to the Demon King was approximately 20 metres but his breath felt blocked. It felt like when he encountered the wrym, Enkidu, in the illusion. 
He was about to collapse, unable to withstand it. He was breaking in front of that gaze. 
Demon King Mitra. 
Zephyr’s father, the father of all the Demon King’s children.
In-gong had forgotten for awhile. He had forgotten that the most fearsome presence in the Demon King’s Palace wasn’t Zephyr. 
If the Demon King decided it, then In-gong would die. If he wanted to, not only In-gong, but everyone present would turn into corpses. 
However, In-gong didn’t bow. Rather than succumbing to the Demon King’s gaze that forced obedience, he resisted. 
‘Conquest.’ 
Those eyes attempted to overcome the situation and make him submit.
The other person was the Demon King. 
This was the power of Conquest!
An invisible force crashed into the air. In-gong endured and the Demon King’s eyes flashed. The Demon King wasn’t the only one to be surprised. 
In-gong’s merit announcement was in progress. At first, there were no reactions. However, as the achievements increased, everyone’s expressions changed and some of them blinked with confusion. 
At the mention of Felicia’s rescue, their reactions peaked. 
They didn’t know what was happening. Was it just a coincidence? Or a manipulation? 6th Princess Felicia’s absurd mistake? Or did the 9th Prince hide his talents until now? 
These silent thoughts filled the room. Once again, the silence was broken by a voice. 
“Shutra.”
The demon king opened his mouth. The act of him calling out In-gong’s name had a bigger impact than the announcement of In-gong’s merits.  Even Chris, who had been enjoying seeing everyone’s gazes change, made a shocked expression.
The Demon King had called out a name at the court gathering. This was the first time Chris had seen it. Even Zephyr hadn't had his name called at the court gathering. 
The five captains stared at them while Isabella was so shocked she dropped the merits sheet on the ground. It was so silent that even the sound of the piece of paper falling seemed loud. However, no one turned to look at her.
The Demon King, who shocked everyone with one word, didn’t respond to any of the staring eyes. He only looked down at In-gong and spoke in a cold voice.  
“I look forward to your future.” 
Just plain words. However, he had never said them to anyone else. That was why the words had value. 
Thus, In-gong’s first court gathering was completed.
&
"Hoaaaah...”
As soon as they returned to the waiting room, someone sat on the ground and made a sound like wind was being blown. It was Carack. Particularly, Carack was so pale that his green skin looked white. 
In contrast, there was someone who was really excited. 
“Amazing! Amazing! Amazing! Amazing!” 
Caitlin’s eyes were moving faster than usual as she stared at In-gong. 
Felicia scoffed and uttered an insult,
"A lowly guy like this?! No way! Did you know that this was the first time I heard Abamama speak in three and a half years?” (TL Note: Felicia uses a term Abamama that is specifically used by a royal child towards their father. If they were referring to their mother then it would be Omamama. It is a term commonly heard in Korean historical dramas.) 
Unless it was an official event like a court gathering, it was rare to see the Demon King. 
"Did you call him Abamama?” 
Caitlin blinked with surprise and Felicia shouted, 
“That isn’t the point!”
The demon king had called In-gong’s name. Moreover, he had even encouraged In-gong by saying he would look forward to the future. 
“What is this? Clearly, it was just a merits presentation but...”
In-gong had many merits this time. Even so, the merits weren’t that huge compared to the past. The rebellion of the Red Lightning tribe couldn’t be called incredible even from the viewpoint of the Demon World. It had only been an army of thousands. 
2nd Prince Zephyr and 4th Princess Anastasia both had merits that were worth several times more than In-gong’s. 
However, the demon king had never called their names at a court gathering. 
So, why would he call In-gong’s name? 
Was it because a child no one had expected anything from suddenly showed achievements? Or was he a child who was special to the demon king? 
“Haha, hahahaha!” 
Hearty laughter suddenly filled the room. Caitlin looked at the owner of the laugh with an anxious expression. 
“Oppa?”
"Poor Chris, he has gone crazy. Yes, you must be crazy. I’ll admit it.”
Even if Felicia’s relationship with Chris had improved over the last few days, she still spoke harshly about his reaction. 
However, Chris wasn’t crazy. He just continued laughing as he approached In-gong. 
"I said it was your show... but you really showed me.” 
In fact, he had been hoping for something like this. 
Everybody would look at In-gong. They would also realize that In-gong was on the same boat as Chris. 
However, the situation was more than he had expected. That outcome couldn’t be calculated.
Chris’ eyes shone as he faced In-gong who was sitting in the chair. Although it couldn’t be compared to Enkidu or the demon king, he could feel power coming from Chris’ eyes. 
"Shutra, from now on there will be people paying attention to you. There will be some who will try to approach you and there are those you should be on guard against." 
No one could read the true meaning of the demon king. There were those who considered the words of the demon king to be ‘favouritism’. 
'Maybe it really is favouritism.’ 
Chris couldn’t read the mind of the demon king so that might be the case. 
In-gong listened quietly to Chris’ encouragement and warning. 
Even without seeing Caitlin and Felicia’s reaction, he could tell what a huge impact the words would have on the Demon King’s Palace.
'Resistance to the gaze... No, it is because I endured that merciless gaze.’
That’s why the Demon King showed some interest. Other than that, he couldn’t think of a reason. 
He suddenly woke up. It was like cold water had been poured on his excitement to meet the  characters in Knight Saga. 
Yet now wasn’t the time to think about it. He had to build up his strength and reinforce his position in the Demon King’s Palace. 
‘I didn’t look at Anastasia.’ 
4th Princess Anastasia had clearly been at today’s court gathering. The five commanders, the most powerful being below the demon king, had also been at their seats. However, In-gong hadn’t seen any of them. It was because he had needed to overcome the demon king’s eyes. 
The demon king was such a being and Zephyr was a monster who would be able to surpass the demon king after a few years.
‘Conquest.’
That word had popped into his head when he met the eyes of the demon king. It had given him the power to withstand such a merciless gaze. 
It was a strange feeling. Despite the enormous presence, he was once again reminded of the threat of Zephyr. Rather than tremble in fear, he felt something deep inside his heart. 
“Shutra, go back and rest for today.” 
Caitlin said, touching In-gong’s shoulder. Felicia also spoke with a cheery smile. 
"Yes, don’t you know that Abamama had a good impression of you? Today is a good day.”
The attention of the demon king... Felicia sounded a little bit envious.
“Thank you.” 
Once again, both Caitlin and Felicia had good personalities. He couldn’t feel even the slightest sense of dishonesty from them. 
In-gong returned to his home with Carack and rested like both of them had said to do. He was physically and mentally exhausted, so he could sleep with worrying. 
The next morning: 
In-gong received a letter from the Merits Department. 
It was about a new mission.
&
"This is a mission from the demon king.”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 42 - Chapter 6: Encounter #4 
“Prince, Prince! Wake up!” 
Hearing Carack’s rugged voice, In-gong turned around reflexively and blocked his ears. However, it was useless. Carack’s crude hands shook In-gong’s shoulders. 
He wanted to say, ‘Five more minutes...’ but woke up reluctantly from his sleep instead. Carack spoke with an apologetic voice as he looked at In-gong’s sleepy face.
"I know you are tired from yesterday, so I was going to let you sleep in. However, a letter from the Merits Department arrived.” 
“Merits Department?” 
Although he was still sleepy, In-gong expressed his curiosity. It was very rare thing for the Merits Department to contact someone first. 
"Here is some water to wash up. You should wake up first.”
Carack extended a washbasin filled with cold water. After In-gong finished washing his face, he realized that Carack wasn’t the only one in the room. 
"This is the letter from the Merits Department. Would you like me to open it?”
Flora, the butler he hired yesterday, was holding a tray containing a letter. In-gong nodded.  
“Yes.” 
In contrast to Carack’s excitement, Flora dutifully opened the envelope and politely handed the letter to In-gong. 
‘It is a summons.’ 
The letter told him to come to the Merits Department because there was a new mission. 
In-gong read everything and nodded. It was better to visit in person than to keep worrying about it. 
"This is a mission from the demon king.”
“Huh?”
"This is a mission from the demon king.”
In-gong blinked and thought that he had heard wrongly. However, Isabella repeated the exact same words. She was speaking to In-gong but her eyes and voice also showed surprise. 
In the end, Carack couldn’t bear it any longer and asked, 
"The demon king picked a mission to give to Prince?” 
His voice was tense from the confusion. Rather than take offense at Carack’s rudeness, Isabella folded her arms and said,
"I don't know the details. I was just given a command to leave this mission to 9th Prince.”
Just like how it was rare for the Merits Department to contact someone first, it was also very rare for the demon king to entrust a mission to a specific prince or princess. 
'No, has it ever happened before?’ 
As he searched through his memories, he couldn’t recall a time when the demon king had given someone a mission. 
First, there had been the encouragement at the court gathering. Now, there was a mission. 
“A special mission?” 
In-gong’s voice was tense. Isabella quickly shook her head. 
“No, it is a mission that was already on the list.” 
It was one of the missions already prepared for the children of the demon king.
Isabella was telling the truth but he felt like the reason wasn’t that simple. 
“I understand, I will receive the mission. Do I need to sign anything?" 
"Ah, over here.” 
Along with the mission letter, Isabella extended a piece of paper containing the names of the demon king’s children. It seemed to be a mission confirmation sheet. 
After signing it, In-gong received the letter and left the Merits Department. Carack followed him swiftly and asked,
"Prince, what is the mission?" 
"Let’s go back first.”
There were rumours about the court gathering, so he felt people gawking at him from every direction. 
In-gong felt very awkward, so he didn’t want to stand in the corridor talking to Carack.
&
"I heard that the Merits Department contacted you. Did you just come back from there?” 
Chris and Caitlin were sitting side by side in the mansion’s drawing room. 
In-gong laughed as soon as he saw them. 
"News travels fast. Do you have a source of information?” 
“No way, I just asked around.”
Chris laughed and In-gong nodded. It wasn’t a secret, so it wasn’t strange that Chris knew about it.
This time it was Caitlin who asked.
"Shutra, have you already received a new mission?” 
“Yes, this is the mission.”
In-gong took out the letter and showed it to Chris and Caitlin. Chris narrowed his eyes and read it out loud. 
"Subjugate the group of casios... It is a subjugation mission.” 
"Is that at Enger Plains where the centaurs are?” 
Chris nodded at In-gong’s question. 
"Yes, I’ve been there once with Caitlin. Subjugating the casios is an annual event, so it will be good.”
The casios were wolf-like creatures that rushed in groups. Like Chris said, a large number of them appeared every year on the Enger Plains, so a periodic subjugation was needed. 
‘In other words, this is a repeat quest.’
It was a mission that In-gong had performed repeatedly in Knight Saga. 
Chris looked once again at the mission letter. The demon king had handed him a simple task but it could be a bit too much for the current In-gong. 
He didn’t know what the demon king was thinking when he gave In-gong this mission. Was he really showing favouritism to In-gong? 
"Well, it will be fine if it is Shutra. You can do it.” 
Rather than questioning it, Chris gave In-gong words of encouragement while Caitlin stroked his head with an expression of worry.
"Although Caitlin and I would like to go with you... We don’t have an unreasonable number of appointments like Felicia noonim but we still have a schedule.”
"Are you going back to the land of the lycanthropes?” 
Chris nodded at In-gong’s question. 
“Yes. Not yet, but soon. I delayed my departure for a few days because of my promise to teach you Aura. So, you will leave first.”
"Shutra is departing tomorrow. Today, I will definitely teach you.”
Caitlin made fists enthusiastically. She felt a little bit bad for the delay on her promise to teach him Divine Beast Authority and Aura. 
'Genuine sincerity.' 
It was the type of sincerity that had made her attempt to break the cliff.
Chris laughed like he thought Caitlin was cute and said to In-gong, 
"Shutra, tell Felicia noonim the news. 
“Huh? Felicia noona?” 
"If you just go, she will surely have a grudge. Additionally, you have something to receive from Noonim.”
"Something to receive?” 
"You will know soon.” 
In-gong wouldn’t have time while being taught, so he sent Flora to Felicia’s home.
"Okay, then Caitlin, let’s begin. I will help you today, so expect a lot.” 
Chris’ muscles flexed. Caitlin’s face was also full of motivation. 
Thanks to the ambitious lycanthrope siblings, one day passed in a flash.
&
Felicia appeared the next morning after the news was conveyed. It wasn’t at In-gong’ home, but in front of the transfer formation. 
"I’m not late.”
"Not late? I have been waiting.”
Felicia glared at Chris after his mocking words. This was really friendly in comparison to when they had first met at the Red Lightning tribe.  
Five people were standing in front of the transfer formation. They were Chris, Caitlin, Seira, In-gong and Carack. 
Felicia approached In-gong. 
“Shutra, the dark elves are an honourable species. A favour or grudge is never easily forgotten.” 
Felicia was late for a reason. She had things to prepare. 
"I heard that you are going to Enger Plains. You’ll need quick feet to go with the centaurs. Ride these special guys.” 
Felicia gestured to the two big dracos in front of her. They were very well reigned and behaved in front of In-gong and Carack.
“And this.”
Felicia pulled out a necklace and handed it to In-gong. The necklace was the real reason why Felicia was late. 
It was a crescent-shaped, silver ornament with a purple gem. 
In-gong knew what this necklace was. So, he couldn’t hide his embarrassment. 
“Felicia noona?” 
The tears of a dark elf from 6th Princess Felicia Doomblade, daughter of 3rd Queen Sylvia Doomblade and princess of the dark elves.  
"You said that you won’t easily forget?” 
Felicia winked playfully and embraced In-gong lightly.
"Take care of your body.” 
Felicia patted his back a few times before stepping back. Her ears and cheeks were red like she was shy about her actions. 
Caitlin also hugged In-gong lightly.
"Be careful."
As always, it was a bright smile. In-gong nodded then Chris said from the rear. 
"Well, shall I just let you go?” 
"Hyung should hold out your hand.”
In response to In-gong’ reply, Chris laughed and stroked his head. 
"Come back safely." 
"Yes, Chris hyung should also be healthy.” 
In-gong said goodbye to everyone. Carack also said goodbye to Seira and entered with In-gong. 
In-gong looked at Caitlin one more time before entering the transfer formation.
&
The Assenba Continent, which was connected continuously from the north to the south, was divided into two parts.
They were travelling from the north to the south.
The boundary across the continent was unclear and ambiguous. There were places where the Demon World and Human World were directly connected like the Jishuka Mountains. There were also places with a zone in the middle. 
There was a huge lake on the continent called Caldea, 
A desert that led to the deaths of everything alive that entered it, 
A deep wall of unfathomable depths,
And one more.
It was something that hadn’t stopped once since the world opened.
It was a being who refused to lie down and take a break. Red and yellow lava spewed out and covered his body but he wasn’t in any pain. Rather, he felt comfortable in the burning lava. 
He had been born in lava. No flame in this world could hurt him. 
The great Enkidu. 
One of the six elder dragons that was said to have the power of a god. 
He had received a shock as a guest had come to visit him for the first time in hundreds of years. 
He was small. 
Compared to Enkidu who was the size of a mountain, he was a mere speck.
However, Enkidu showed interest instead of ignoring him. He looked down at the body wrapped in black and red armour. 
Conquest, war, famine and death. 
The four prophesied knights of the Apocalypse. 
Enkidu knew who was in front of him. Not long ago, he had felt the distinct aura of conquest coming from the Jishuka Mountains. 
It was a flame; 
A flame that constantly swallowed up everything.  
Enkidu called his name,
"Start, War Knight.” 
It was a person who lived in eternal struggle. 
The War Knight opened his mouth.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 43 - Chapter 7: Advent 
The transfer formations, spread out in various areas of the Demon World like a spider web, varied in size and shape.
In-gong closed his eyes against against the blue light, that appeared when the transfer formation was activated, and slowly opened them after feeling a new sensation.  
There were continuous streams of grey light over the blue which hadn’t yet scattered completely.
Under the command of the Demon King, the managers of the transfer formations were required to secure a space of a certain size in case the transfer failed. 
It was the same for this stone tower as he arrived at the other end of the transfer formation.
"We have arrived?” 
“Yes.”
In-gong responded appropriately to Carack while looking at the entrance for the person who was supposed to meet them. Indeed, a female soldier appeared not long after In-gong had arrived. 
"I greet 9th Prince. I am Karma, a ranger who will be your assistant.” 
The woman said while placing her right fist on her left chest, a special pose used by soldiers. 
“Uh, yes. It is great to see you. I am Shutra.” 
In-gong wasn’t surprised by the salute. Instead, he was surprised by the appearance of the woman called Karma. 
She had tanned skin, black hair and a pretty face. She was approximately 20 years old and her body was wrapped in armour, but that was common. No, her body was quite pretty but things were different from the waist down. Her legs looked like horse legs and she had horseshoes instead of ordinary feet. Looking closer, she also had the hindquarters of a horse. 
‘Uh, let’s see. Isn’t this similar to a satyr?’
Satyr were short people with the upper body of a person and the lower body of an animal, normally one with two legs. 
Satyrs often had the legs of deer or goats, so it wasn’t too common for one to have the legs of a horse. However, he had rarely seen them in Knight Saga. 
In-gong searched through his memories before focusing on the present situation. The only thing that mattered was the woman, Karma, in front of him, not the rarity of her species. There was no reason to be surprised at a fantasy species when there was an orc, Carack, right behind him with green skin. 
"I will take care of you in the future.” 
Karma said to In-gong with a smile. Looking at the bright smile, he felt quite good. 
"Thank you.”
Karma returned to her normal posture and stood, waiting for him. Carack asked impatiently,
"What is it?” 
"Um... Don’t you have any more soldiers?” 
Karma thought it was strange as she looked behind In-gong and Carack. It was out of the ordinary for the prince assigned to the mission to have only one orc as an attendant. 
However, this was the reality. In-gong replied with a bitter laugh. 
"This is all I have.” 
In fact, In-gong had thought about bringing a troop of soldiers. His merit level was reasonable enough and there had been compensation received from the Merits Department. The reason why In-gong sought out the children of the concubines was to make them join his troops. 
However, In-gong lacked the time needed. The mission arrived so suddenly that he couldn’t afford to buy some soldiers.
“I understand, then we will start straight away.” 
Karma was baffled for a moment that it was just the two of them, but she soon smiled and led In-gong and Carack away. 
As they descended the transfer formation tower, a few managers came out to greet In-gong. In-gong responded appropriately, distributed the necessary supplies and left the stone tower.  
The gift of the dracos Felicia had given them was really good. As soon as he got on a draco, he learnt Draco Unyielding Spirit Lv1. However, even if he hadn’t learnt it, In-gong wouldn’t have had any troubles moving on the dracos. 
"Whoa, isn’t this better than what I thought?” 
Carack admired from the top of a draco. The two metre tall Carack was already over 100 kilograms and he was carrying a big bag on his back. Nevertheless, the draco’s face didn’t show any signs of difficulties.
Karma also smiled with admiration. 
"I’ve heard about the dark elves’ dracos but this is my first time seeing them. They seem tougher than rumoured.” 
"It is the first time I’ve tried riding one. However, are you going to walk?” 
Carack asked, looking at Karma. Karma replied with a smile. 
"I have these two legs. You don’t have to worry.” 
Her legs were shaped like horse legs. 
Underneath the hill the stone tower was located on was an endless open meadow that spread out in every direction. Karma ran lightly and led the party while In-gong and Carack followed on the dracos. 
The wind in the meadow was cool and dry. While riding, In-gong touched the necklace around his neck.
The tears of a dark elf. 
It was a powerful magic that guarded the mind of the wearer. There was no other additional ability, but it was a favourite item in Knight Saga due to its excellent defense against magic spells. 
‘However, the method to obtain it is completely different.’ 
The tears of the dark elves had been products obtained after Felicia died on the Day of Massacre. However, at present, he had received the tears of a dark elf as a gift from Felicia herself. 
‘Take care of your body.’ 
Felicia’s words once again popped up in his head. It was a voice as warm as her body temperature when she embraced him.
It wasn’t just Chris and Caitlin who she had a changed relationship with. Felicia was now a powerful ally rather than an enemy. 
'The Day of Massacre.’ 
It was no longer just In-gong’s life at risk. Chris, Caitlin and Felicia’s lives were also hanging on it; the three people he wanted to protect. 
‘Well, it is still just the beginning.’ 
Setting Caitlin and Felicia aside, his laughter emerged unconsciously at the thought of protecting Chris. While Caitlin and Felicia appeared slender, Chris was full of incredible muscles. It seemed more like In-gong would use him as a shield, rather than protect him. 
After finishing those thoughts, In-gong opened his inventory and looked at the items he had stored recently. They were the rewards he received from the Merits Department for his merit level. 
‘It is surprisingly reasonable.’
It was obvious, but the Merits Department used a system where those with a higher merit level would receive better rewards. However, low level rewards weren’t necessarily bad. 
As long as the items weren’t expensive, they were given things necessary for the mission: 
A health potion; mana potion; tent with protective spells on it, for sleeping; and a sleeping bag with a spell to preserve body temperature.
In-gong currently had a merit level of five, so he would get equipment such as swords and armour after completing this mission. 
'When I finish this mission, my merit level will be around seven?’ 
The casios subjugation quest was a repeat quest from the Merits Department. It could only be performed once a year, so the recurrence frequency was low among the recurring quests. However, the merit points gained from it were quite high. 
‘Speaking of weapon problems.’ 
The casios were four legged creatures reminiscent of giant wolves. If he fought in front, he would be able to use Earth Quaker and Beast Authority when he was close to it. However, this mission wasn’t based on a one-on-one confrontation. 
It was fighting a crowd. 
Moreover, the herd of centaurs was the perfect cavalry. He had speed to match with the cavalry, so he needed a suitable weapon. 
‘A sword might be conventional, but don’t riders normally use a spear or something similar?’ 
Due to the weapons taken from the dungeon, he had a variety of weapons, such as axes and crossbows as well as swords and spears. 
Thanks to the power of Conquest and Protagonist Body, after starting the learning process for a sword, it would take a few days to raise it to a sufficient level. 
‘I have to discuss it with Carack, so let’s not decide too quickly.’
In-gong deactivated the inventory and looked straight ahead. He didn’t know what would soon unfold in front of him.
&
The Enger Plains were so wide that it would take two days to reach a centaur settlement. As a result, the party started to prepare a camp in the early evening instead of overworking themselves. 
As a guide, Karma knew a few good places to camp. There were hills to stop the wind and a few camping trails had remained. 
In-gong got down from the draco, activated the inventory window and put his hand into Carack’s bag. He was used to the lie and now found it natural to pull things out of a bag. 
Karma looked on with admiration as the tent and camping supplies set received from the Merits Department were taken out. At first, she was surprised that the prince was bringing things out personally but that soon changed. It was because so many items were pouring out that she doubted the capacity of the bag.
"Wah, that is real strength.” 
Carack was carrying around a bag containing so many things. 
Carack shrugged at Karma’s pure admiration and said,
"Heh, I have a little bit of strength.” 
He would keep In-gong’s inventory a secret until a knife came to his throat. Carack tried to wink at In-gong, but it was useless. 
“No, that... It is the draco.” 
It was the draco that carried Carack and the bag.
Carack laughed awkwardly at Karma’s words and turned to In-gong. 
The atmosphere was pretty good as they set up the tent and prepared a fire for their meal. The ingredients stored in his inventory were preserved, so Carack prepared a quite luxurious dish of chicken stew. 
“Now, eat.” 
The tough but kind Carack handed In-gong a bowl. It was steaming hot and looked tasty. 
“I will eat it well.” 
That was when In-gong heard it. 
He felt the earth start shaking. At first, it seemed to be coming from a distance but it became stronger instantly. The draco also noticed the abnormality and gave a low cry.
In-gong swallowed quickly and put his bowl down as Carack picked up an axe instead of a ladle. Karma, who had climbed up the hill, shouted towards them, 
“Casios!” 
He guessed it was due to Protagonist Correction. 
In-gong equipped Earth Quaker on his right arm.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 44 - Chapter 7: Advent #2 
“How many are there?" 
Carack held his axe as he asked Karma who was lying flat on the hill. Karma gazed at the front with wide eyes before shouting in an urgent voice. 
"Seven? Ten? There are also centaurs!” 
In-gong climbed directly to the top of the hill because the report didn’t make sense. As soon as he saw the crowd from a distance, he opened the mini-map.
‘There are centaurs with the casios. Are the centaurs captured?’ 
They were far away, so he couldn’t be sure, but there were five armoured centaurs and dozens of casios. 
The casios looked like a wolf with horns on their heads, but their size was much bigger than the wolf, especially the males. 
Carack didn’t have a mini-map, so he turned towards In-gong with a frown. 
"They are a scouting group. They probably came out to meet Prince. Two of them are already gone.” 
Centaurs usually scouted in groups of seven. However, there were only five visible centaurs, so two had already lost their lives. 
At this moment, both the centaurs and casios were approaching In-gong’s party. Carack asked In-gong,
"What do you want to do?” 
Should they fight with the centaurs or escape? 
If the dracos moved in the opposite direction, they were likely to escape, but In-gong shook his head. If he abandoned the centaurs and ran away, this mission would be ruined from the beginning. 
“Let’s do something crazy.” 
Fight. However, it wasn’t just fighting. 
In-gong made the decision hurriedly and declared to Carack and Karma. 
"They are running straight this way!”
It was less than 10 seconds but many things could happen in that time. Karma formed tight fists at the top of the hill. A desperate look formed in her eyes as the centaurs approached. 
Aboard the dracos, In-gong and Carack were waiting at the bottom of the hill. Carack asked one last time, 
"Are we really doing this?” 
"It is real.” 
"It was a short meeting but I really enjoyed it.” 
"I will continue seeing you for a long time.” 
However. it wasn’t the time to laugh and make jokes. Karma’s shout was like a thunderbolt, 
"Now!" 
"Don’t die!”
Carack’s unique battle cry swallowed up Karma’s cry. At the same time, the draco In-gong was riding sprang up from the ground. 
The greatest feature of the dracos, that the dark elves used instead of horses, was their explosive instantaneous speed. It was only a few seconds, but the dracos could run several times faster than horses. 
In-gong used the draco’s explosive speed from the beginning and the draco leapt from the hill at a fearsome pace. 
Now, In-gong could see the centaurs and the casios. After hearing Carack’s battle cry, they saw In-gong on the draco and instinctively slowed down. However, the draco didn’t stop moving. 
“Penetrate through!” 
The draco Felicia gave him was quite intelligent. It understood In-gong’s command and used the correct speed to draw in the enemy accurately. 
The draco carrying In-gong moved in between the centaurs and the casios and they all flinched at the sudden intrusion. In-gong directed the draco towards the casios he had been aiming at since he confirmed it on the mini-map.
'This is the boss!’ 
There was also a leader in a group of casios; he was in charge of directing the people in the hunting group. 
‘How do I determine the boss? Of course, he is the biggest one!’ 
The boss casios was bigger than a horse, so he could distinguish it from the others at a glance. Moreover, its big size made it easier to cling to. 
In-gong jumped and clung to the neck of the boss casios as the draco continued moving through a crowd of casios. 
It only took a few seconds. However, In-gong didn’t stop. The casios was confused and couldn’t make a proper decision in the short amount of time. In-gong had to take advantage of this. 
“Kuaang!” 
The casios leader raised his head and called out an alarm. In-gong clung to the casios leader with his left arm and both his legs as he formed a fist with his right hand. 
‘I will bet it all on this one strike!’ 
He was handling the casios leader with one blow.
He was by himself. This was In-gong who had already killed orcs from the Red Lightning tribe. The biggest difficulty of this mission was to hang on, not smash the casios leader’s head. 
In-gong gathered aura around his right fist and used the explosive power of Divine Beast Authority. It was a technique that hit the enemy’s body with Aura, causing it to freeze. The amount of aura consumed was intense, but it was the most powerful attack that In-gong could unleash. 
He focused his aura for precision! 
His body remembered the technique since he had practiced it more than a dozen times. The moment that In-gong punched, there was a flash of white aura. 
It was good thus far as it was the same as practice. However, something unexpected happened the moment the technique was completed. 
Earth Quaker. 
It was enchanted by the power of the dragon, Enkidu. 
His aura felt violent. The destructive power of the technique had doubled! 
Kwaang!
With a huge roar, the casios leader’s head exploded. The crushed skull splattered blood and flesh. It was like his head had been erased from the world. 
The sight of the casios leader’s head disappearing in an instant caused the casios to be stunned. Some of them even ran away. 
In-gong was also surprised. He knew he had become stronger after the battle with the Red Lightning tribe,  however, it was his first time using Earth Quaker since discovering it. So, he hadn’t imagined it would make his aura so violent. 
‘Isn’t this almost like Caitlin?' 
Recalling how Caitlin had caused an orc to explode while they were rescuing Felicia, In-gong swallowed his saliva. He looked at the Earth Quaker on his right. 
‘I can do it.’ 
He could do it! That wasn’t the only reason for the strong explosion. Beast Authority and Aura were level 5 and 6 respectively. He couldn’t be compared to the first time he fought the Red Lightning tribe.
In-gong frowned. Circulating the pure white aura boosted his physical abilities and made him several times stronger than Villager A. 
‘Go.’
In-gong kicked his feet. It had only been a few seconds since the head of the casios leader exploded, so there were a few shocked casios that had been unable to escape. 
If there was a word symbolizing Beast Authority, it was explosive power. While the draco rampaged, In-gong narrowed the distance to another casios. His aura exploded again and a casios collapsed. 
In-gong didn’t spare his aura. The casios leader was dead, so this battle was as good as over. 
"Kuraha!” 
Carack let out a battle cry as he moved through the crowd of casios. He couldn’t smash a casios in one move like In-gong, but the huge battle axe was an overwhelming threat by itself.
When the weak centaurs grabbed weapons to try and counterattack as well, the casios lost their will to fight. They used the momentum to start fleeing.  
"Karaha!" 
Carack roared after the fleeing casios. Instead of talking to him, In-gong turned and stared at the centaurs. 
The expressions of the centaurs, who were wearing light leather armour as scouts, were really complicated. They were excited from the battle, pleased about being rescued and anxious since they didn’t know who the people before them were. 
In-gong recognized that the green centaur was the leader. There was a blue armband around his right arm. 
“I am 9th Prince Shutra.”
The centaurs roared simultaneously.
&
“Really wonderful! Amazing!” 
Karma shouted with excitement. Her wide and bright eyes reminded him of Caitlin. 
'Isn’t it natural?’ 
It hadn’t even been a day since they were separated, so her face and voice were clear. In-gong was reminded of Caitlin but he quickly realized reality again. 
"Prince, wipe your face.” 
Carack handed over a dry washcloth to In-gong. He was known as In-gong’s aide, so the centaurs would listen to his simple instructions. 
Two centaurs dismantled the corpses of the cassios while the other three took down the tent and packed the luggage. It was in preparation to move. 
As they prepared to leave for a new camp, In-gong mounted the draco and replied to Karma absent-mindedly.
“Well, well. Yes, yes. Good. Make sure they eat when we arrive at the new camp.”
The draco seemed to only eat live food like snakes but they were actually omnivores. The casios meat from today would be enough to last a few weeks. 
“Prince, we are ready to leave.” 
Carack said while covering a small cauldron with a lid. It felt like he was going to start preparing a meal while moving. 
"The nearest campground is only 20 minutes from here.”
Karma’s eyes were still shining like lanterns. In-gong directed the draco toward the centaur scout leader. 
"Did you say you were Quick Wind?” 
“Yes, Your Highness.”
The centaur with the armband, named Quick Wind, responded to In-gong’s question. His eyes weren’t as bright as Karma’s, but there were clearly emotions in them. 
‘Ah, Prince remembered my name!’
In-gong guessed that might be the emotion, then asked a question, 
"Can you give me the details of the situation?” 
Immediately after the battle was over, he hadn’t been able to hear anything except for their names and that they were a scouting group. Quick Wind spoke in a fast manner like his name, 
"We were expecting 9th Prince tomorrow. In order to check the safety of the surrounding areas, we were sent to scout and encountered the casios.” 
Quick Wind’s face darkened dramatically. Like he had thought, they had been scouting. 
In-gong sighed and asked again,
"The casios have already come this far down?”
The casios subjugation quest required him to defeat the casios in the north after joining the centaurs. In other words, the casios should have been in the north at this point. 
However, the casios had shown up here. It was a little farther south than the settlements of the centaurs. 
Quick Wind answered with an uneasy expression, 
"It doesn’t seem like the whole group has come down. It's just... the casios seem to be moving faster than usual.” 
It was different from the previous times. In-gong sensed something ominous as he listened. 
"I can’t believe this. The demon king’s mission really isn’t ordinary.”
Carack said from beside In-gong.
‘I had been hoping this wouldn’t happen.’
Of course, it wasn’t like the demon king had been expecting this exact situation. However, he would have felt something was wrong if the demon king’s task was ordinary. 
In-gong nodded while gazing at Karma ahead of him. 
"Once we get there, let’s have a meal.” 
“Don't worry. I won’t eat everything." 
Carack laughed and tapped on the pot that he was holding like a treasure. 
The next afternoon, In-gong arrived at the settlement of the centaurs.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 45 - Chapter 7: Advent #3 
The centaurs, who had the upper body of a person and the lower body of a horse, were often likened to perfect cavalry.
Their maneuverability and crushing power...
Their intelligence allowed them to follow commands and their two arms could use weapons.
Their superiority as cavalry was high.
An ordinary cavalry member was a combination of two different creatures, man and horse, so it was impossible to perfectly combine their strengths.
However, a centaur was literally that existence. They were able to use long weapons effectively and there was also a synergy effect.
Knight Saga’s centaurs were also similar. However, they were somewhat different from what he had imagined.
Their size was smaller than he had expected.
They had an upper body that was almost the same size as a person, but the lower half was different. It was small compared to the upper half that wore heavy armour.
'Well, having the real upper body of a person will be uncomfortable in its own way.’
Moreover, just because they were small, this didn’t mean they were the size of ponies. While running, Quick Wind’s shoulders were just a little bit lower than Carack’s while he was riding the draco.
In-gong turned his gaze to the front again. He could see the settlement of the centaurs in the distance.
The nomadic lifestyle of the centaurs meant they set up large mobile tents instead of stone or wooden houses. So, from a distance, it felt more like an army camp instead of a village.
‘Do they live with the satyrs?’
In-gong turned his gaze toward Karma who was leading at the front. She was running lightly with the legs of a horse, similar to the centaurs. However, she only had two legs and was only slightly larger than a normal human.
The centaurs relied on the satyrs to do the hard work they couldn’t, while the centaurs defended the satyrs. It was a give and take relationship.
"I will go ahead and spread the news!”
Karma called to In-gong before speeding up. Although she only had two horse legs, her stamina was really amazing.
From the draco next to him, Carack asked,
"Prince, they are preparing for us.”
Just as In-gong’s companions saw the centaurs’ residence, the centaurs at the settlement saw In-gong’s group. There were centaurs gathered at the entrance of the wooden fence surrounding their settlement.
‘The centaurs of Enger Plains...’
There were four centaur tribes living on the Enger Plains. The strongest among them was the Mighty Fire clan and the chief of the Mighty Fire tribe also served as the main chief of the three remaining tribes.
The name of the great chieftain was Ferocious Eyes.
If a user was to play Knight Saga as any character, they were sure to face him at least once.
'Not as a friend but as an enemy.’
Ferocious Eyes didn’t belong to any faction but he hated Zephyr. This was due to the Day of the Massacre, where he had fought and stood fiercely against Zephyr, who had been the last remaining royal child.
‘A straightforward person.’
As the names suggested, his eyes were very fierce. His blunt attitude made it hard to even hold a conversation with him.
‘In the game, he was literally an impossible character... but won’t it be different here?’
In-gong didn’t think it was necessary to fight Ferocious Eyes. It was just like how Chris and Caitlin, who were medium bosses, had become friendly with him. It could be the same with Ferocious Eyes.
"Your eyes are burning with ambition. Roaring, in fact.”
Carack said to In-gong who ignored him.
After approximately five minutes, he finally arrived at the centaur settlement of the Mighty Fire tribe.
"Chief Ferocious Eyes.”
He would have know who it was even if there had been no introductions. The centaur in the middle of the herd was huge. His lower body was bigger than the others, while his upper body, dressed in leather armour, had shoulders that seemed as wide as the plains.
However, the most striking thing about him were his two hooded eyes. His eyes seemed like he could kill a person with his gaze alone.
In fact, Quick Wind of the scouting group turned his head away like he was avoiding Ferocious Eyes’ gaze. Karma wasn’t much different as she stared silently at the ground.
However, In-gong was different. He had even endured the gaze of the demon king.
“I am 9th Prince Shutra.”
Ferocious Eyes frowned as In-gong talked while staring straight into his eyes. He stared down at In-gong with an expressionless face and said,
"You’ve had a hard time coming here.”
The accent was the same as before but the feeling was different. In-gong smiled and extended his hand. However, the meaning of this was different from when he had done the same thing with Vandal. In-gong shook Ferocious Eyes’ hand from aboard the draco.
"I want to hear about the situation quickly. As you know, the scouts encountered a group of casios and I fought with them. The situation doesn’t seem normal.”
Yesterday, two members of the scouting group had departed first. Therefore, Ferocious Eyes should have already heard the story about the casios.
Ferocious Eyes gazed at In-gong and replied in a low voice,
“Come this way."
Ferocious Eyes turned around, leaving behind disconcerted centaurs who moved quickly. Quick Wind and the scouts were left behind while the centaurs escorted In-gong after Ferocious Eyes.
In-gong, Carack, Karma and the centaurs followed after Ferocious Eyes.
As expected, the place where In-gong was escorted to was Ferocious Eyes’ tent. Due to the physical characteristics of the centaurs, the ceiling of the tents, particularly Ferocious Eyes’, were high. It felt like he was in Vandal’s tent.
In-gong rode the draco to the tent and dismounted in front of it. His eye level lowered and he suddenly felt like a child who had entered the home of a giant.
"Over here.”
Karma waited at the entrance while the centaur escorts also stood around the tent.
In-gong swallowed his saliva involuntarily and entered the tent with Carack.
"The Enger Plains.”
As soon as In-gong entered, Ferocious Eyes pointed a large map on the table. Fortunately, there were satyrs in the centaur settlement, so the table was at a height that In-gong could see.
As In-gong sat in front of the table, Ferocious Eyes pointed to the map with a stick.
"This is our Mighty Fire tribe here. Over there are the Heavy Winds, Heavy Rain and Rough Night tribes.”
There was more distance between the tribes than he had thought. He hadn’t expected a tribe to be right next door, but it seemed like it would take a considerable amount of time to travel between each tribe.
Ferocious Eyes pointed to the north this time.
"This is where the casios should be. However, the place where the scouts encountered the casios is far south of this area.”
It was even further south than the settlement of the Mighty Fire tribe.
“I had scouts look around. I don’t think all of them have gone down this way but there is something wrong.”
Just like an annual event, hundreds of casios showed up at this time every year. If they moved to south all at once, the centaurs would have noticed.
“Time is needed to gather more information. Please wait. Three days later, the warriors of all four tribes will gather in one place. Then we will be able to defeat them with a single strike.”
It was an explanation that only contained the necessary things. In-gong nodded.
“I understand. I will wait.”
In fact, there wasn’t anything urgent. The group of casios weren’t in front of him at this moment.
At the end of those words, In-gong and Carack stared at Ferocious Eyes while Ferocious Eyes looked down at In-gong.
There was a subtle silence. Fortunately, that didn’t last long.
“9th Prince.”
“Huh?”
Ferocious Eyes’ eyebrows twitched, then he asked In-gong in the same tone as before,
“Did you really smash the head of a casios with one punch?”
“Uh, that?”
Ferocious Eyes’ eyebrows kept moving while waiting for the answer.
"I am just asking.”
Carack’s eyes narrowed and it was the same for In-gong.
‘Now I understand.’
His eyes were obviously scary and his tone was also tough. However, his eyebrows showed that he wasn’t offended.
In-gong replied in a cheerful tone.
“The technique is Beast Authority. If you want, I will show it to you at a later time.”
He actually used Divine Beast Authority, but it was similar to Beast Authority.
Ferocious Eyes’ eyebrows twitched again.
"I'm looking forward to it."
It was the same tone as before but it sounded quite pleasant to In-gong.
&
When they exited the tent with Ferocious Eyes, the satyrs were waiting with the centaurs. Unlike Karma, these satyrs had the legs of a goat and guided In-gong to their accommodation.
In-gong’s tent was located near Ferocious Eyes and seemed to be for a satyr as the ceiling wasn’t high. There were many carpets with colourful patterns and the walls were padded with thick cloths. It had a cozy atmosphere.
The satyrs seated In-gong at an appropriate place. Carack entered the tent one step later and sat down beside In-gong.
"50 centaurs will be assigned under Prince. Today is a rest day and you will be introduced to them in the morning.”
The Mighty Fire tribe was estimated to have approximately 300 centaur fighters, so 50 wasn’t a small number. Moreover, every single one of them counted as a cavalry member. It was a far different treatment from when he had been assigned 30 orc fighters.
In the original missions, children of the demon king had often played a secondary role. It wasn’t Chris but Vandal who had led the main army to subjugate the Red Lightning tribe.
"Will Karma continue to be our guide?”
In-gong asked as he looked at the entrance of the tent. Although Karma hadn’t entered the tent, she had accompanied them to it.
Carack nodded.
"I think it is similar to my case. She’s a person assigned to Prince. If Prince Chris or Princess Caitlin came without any soldiers, local warriors would be assigned to similar roles.”
“Hrmm, is that so?”
Then would she end up joining him like Carack?
He hadn’t confirmed Karma’s combat ability yet, but he knew she had incredible running ability and stamina. She would be good as a scout or messenger.
"Ambition is burning often in your eyes today.”
Carack said, nodding. He had quick wits. In-gong then asked Carack,
"What do you think about Ferocious Eyes?”
He wasn’t asking about Ferocious Eyes’ personality. He just wanted to hear the answer that Carack would give.
"In my view, it seemed like he liked Prince.”
"Did you see it as well?”
The eyebrows was a sign of his favorability. Carack laughed at In-gong.
"It was the same with General Vandal. Prince sees to be quite popular.”
"This is something I am blessed with.”
He was under the command of Ferocious Eyes. Would it turn out like it had with Vandal?
"That is enough talking. We will find out more about the situation after dinner.”
That was a macho remark. Maybe it wasn’t a blessing to meet Carack?
"Oh, I hope you suffer.”
"Be careful. If you are too late, I won’t hesitate to warn Karma away.”
Carack had to get in the last word as he left the tent. In-gong gaze followed after Carack. Then after Carack walked out, he sat down and stretched out his legs.
'I have become stronger.’
In-gong could see it after crushing the casios. If he thought about his future work, he would come up with the correct training method.
‘Divine Beast Authority.’
In-gong relaxed and started circulating his aura.
&
In-gong’s aura was white; it was a stream of white light.
In-gong led the aura and the aura led him. The flow of the aura was so natural, there was no place where it was blocked or tangled.
Conquest.
The golden-crowned female with white hair, one red eye and one blue eye.
In-gong’s aura showed this abnormality. It seemed to drift away from everything else in the world as it sensed a different flow.
There was a voice in In-gong’s head but it wasn’t the voice of the white woman. It was a voice heard from outside, not deep in In-gong’s soul.
It wasn’t Carack or Karma. It was something other than that.
In-gong slowly opened his eyes. Darkness was in front of him but the darkness was different from a deep room. He saw the scenery in the tent. Everything looked like a spark to his eyes.
In-gong swallowed his saliva inadvertently. It wasn't a dream. He was conscious.
Then what was it?
In-gong was about to stand up and cry out to Carack. Still, there was something beckoning him beyond his view.
A voice.
Someone was calling In-gong.
In-gong breathed in deeply. The white aura of conquest wound around In-gong, seeming as though it was trying to protect him.
Who was it? At that moment, In-gong looked at his right arm. Earth Quaker, which was supposed to be in the inventory, was on his arm. A red and yellow light was moving like it was snarling.
It seemed to know something. In-gong settled his mind, took a step forward and the landscape around him changed. In-gong wasn’t in the tent but on a wide grassland.
The sky and everything around In-gong was black. In front of him, hair fluttered like it was blowing in a breeze.
There was a beautiful woman. Her hair was very long while her face was white and her eyes looked very mysterious. It was a woman who didn’t seem like a person.
Earth Quaker, which acknowledged In-gong as its master, glowed once again. For the first time, In-gong could guess what the woman in front of him was.
She told In-gong,
"I am a piece of Ainkel. There is something I want to say to you who has Enkidu’s strength.”
Watcher Ainkel, one of the six dragons said to have the same power as a god!
She took one step closer to In-gong.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 46 - Chapter 7: Advent #4 
There were six elder dragons in the world of Knight Saga.  
They had the same power was a god, but the users of Knight Sage treated the elder dragons like they were just an insignificant background. The reason was simple: only one of the six elder dragons, Queian, the guardian, affected the game directly.
'He only appeared indirectly.' 
Queian, the guardian, also known as a saint dragon, was a strong supporter of Locke, the warrior. He had given Locke the strongest sword, ‘the Warrior’s Sword’, and Queian had also arranged the best teachers for him. 
The remaining five dragons were only mentioned occasionally in item descriptions such as for the Thunder Light Anvil. 
The elder dragons. 
They were an existence that probably couldn’t be confronted in Knight Saga.
However, In-gong had a little bit of contact with them. 
This was done through Earth Quaker, the gauntlet with the enchantment of the great Enkidu.  
A piece of Ainkel, the watcher, had showed up in front of In-gong. 
He wondered why. Moreover, why did Ainkel want to speak with him?
In-gong observed Ainkel. Dressed in clothes of blue leaves and stems, she was the manifestation of something other than a human. The ears that protruded from her hair were pointed at the ends like a pixie’s, while deer antlers sprouted from her head. 
"I am a piece of Ainkel, a fragment of her that fell on Enger Plains.” 
Her voice was as beautiful and mysterious as her appearance. However, the contents didn’t seem right. 
She was a piece of Ainkel. Moreover, her expression was frozen. 
Whether she read In-gong’s mind or had simply guessed, the woman in front of him, the piece of Ainkel, nodded. 
"Yes, Watcher Ainkel is already dead. I am a piece of her strong will that has remained in the world.”
She hadn’t emerge in Knight Saga because she was already dead? However, what was the reason behind a dragon dying? Had she died from old age? 
It was a story that he would have ignored in the past, but he couldn’t now because he had seen Enkidu. Such a huge mountain-like creature wouldn’t have simply died. 
However, the piece of Ainkel had nothing more to say about Ainkel’s death. 
She frowned and said,
“There is no time. I encountered a miracle that was formed through layers of coincidences. I found you due to Enkidu’s power in that weapon. You moved closer to this direction and my call was answered, so this encounter could be created.”
She seemed to be talking about the moment that Earth Quaker amplified In-gong’s aura. 
"I am a fragment of Watcher Ainkel. Over a long period of time, I was reborn as the guardian of Enger Plains. The children of Enger Plains call me Green Wind.”
‘Green Wind! 
In-gong knew that name. It was the name that the centaurs and satyrs prayed to. According to Knight Saga’s setting, it was due to Green Wind that Enger Plains could be protected. 
The piece of Ainkel, Green Wind, stepped closer to In-gong. The surrounding scenery then changed once more. 
It had become a small stone temple in the middle of the grasslands. It was a simple place where people prayed and left. 
"This is my home and it contains the source of energy of Watcher Ainkel’s fragment.”
At Green Wind’s words, the red and yellow light rose again from Earth Quaker, which was on In-gong’s right arm. Green Wind stared straight into In-gong’s eyes and said,
“The monsters coming down from the north are heading to my home. They intend to destroy my home and devour my spirit, then Enger Plains will be lost. My children will also be in great danger.” 
"Are you referring to the casios?” 
In-gong asked for the first time. Green Wind shook her head roughly. 
“It isn’t just them! It is different from the previous times. There are those who descended with the casios.”
Green Wind hugged her shoulders, then the surrounding scenery changed once again. There were wild barking sounds as the casios ran between giant monsters. The monsters each had a head that was like a goat’s while their upper body was like an ogre and their lower body had four beast legs like a centaur. It was like looking at a huge reptile. 
It wasn’t just a fantasy. At this moment, they were actually moving. 
"My children alone can’t stop the threat from the north, but you are different. You already have Enkidu’s power, so you will be able to gain strength from Ainkel’s fragment. With that strength, you can stop the threat from the north. Save the Enger Plains and my children.”
Green Wind’s tone was as soft as the wind. She grabbed In-gong’s hand. 
“There is no time. They are coming already. Please hurry.” 
In-gong’s consciousness flew into the sky at that moment and he had an overview of the Enger Plains from Green Wind’s viewpoint. He could see the small temple and the path of the monsters descending from the north. 
"May the blessing of the wind be with you.” 
Green Wind kissed In-gong’s forehead gently and in that moment, everything disappeared in a flash of light. 
"Prince!”
In-gong’s eyes flashed open and Carack and Karma were in front of his eyes. The tent was lit up by a lamp. 
Instead of answering Carack, In-gong gazed at his right arm. Instead of Earth Quaker, his right hand was holding a small piece of green light.
"A piece of Green Wind.”
In-gong mumbled and activated the mini-map hastily. Even if he hadn’t been there yet, he could confirm it. 
The small temple was located in the northeast. The casios were moving from the southeast, so it was no wonder the centaurs didn’t notice. 
As Ferocious Eyes said, the centaurs were watching the north where the casios had always been. 
In-gong guessed the distance roughly and swallowed his saliva. LIke Green Wind had said, he needed to hurry. 
"Get up, Carack. Prepare to fight. I have to go to Ferocious Eyes right now.” 
Karma was baffled by the sudden words, but In-gong’s knight Carack was different. Without any doubts, he jumped up and started moving. 
As In-gong left the tent decisively with Carack and Karma, he gazed up at the sky. It was late afternoon and close to twilight. 
"Ferocious Eyes is in his tent. Go with Karma. I will prepare the dracos.”
Now that the situation was like this, Karma no longer showed any confusion. She headed to Ferocious Eyes’ tent with In-gong. 
“Your Highness?” 
The centaurs guarding Ferocious Eyes’ tent were surprised by In-gong’s sudden appearance but couldn’t raise their weapons to stop him. In-gong entered the tent and said immediately, 
"I received a revelation from Green Wind. We have to go and fight right now.” 
He presented the piece of Green Wind to stop any arguments. Ferocious Eyes’ eyebrows raised as he took the piece of Green Wind In-gong received in the dream. 
The centaurs and satyrs around Ferocious Eyes recognized Green Wind’s power. One of them asked in a confused voice, 
“H-how?” 
It seemed like he wanted to know. He wanted to understand why the 9th Prince received Green Wind’s revelation.
However, it was the reality. Ferocious Eyes returned the piece of Green Wind to In-gong and asked, 
“Where should we go?”
"Tribe Chief?” 
The centaurs cried out with amazement. The promised meeting day was three days later. All the tribe warriors would gather then. 
However, Ferocious Eyes only looked at In-gong. 
"There is a small temple in the northeast. We have to go there. Green Wind is in danger.”
Ferocious Eyes was also aware of the temple in the northeast. It had never been considered an important place but Ferocious Eyes didn’t show any doubts. 
“I believe Prince.”
The meaning of Ferocious Eyes’ words was obvious. The centaurs knew him and didn’t cry out any longer. They just ran out of the tent and blew their horns. It was the signal for battle. 
In-gong exited the tent with Ferocious Eyes and saw Carack leading two dracos.
"Prince!”
In-gong equipped Earth Quaker on his right arm and got on top of the draco. Karma brought In-gong out of the settlement. 
The situation was urgent. He had never imagined this would happen when he first left the Demon King’s Palace. 
It had been a direct mission from the demon king. 
Did Mitra know that the situation would unfold like this? Moreover, if he had known, why did he choose In-gong instead of the other princes and princesses? 
He had a few more questions. 
Why were the casios showing this behaviour now? How had he known about Green Wind’s dwelling when even the centaurs hadn’t known? 
There was something - one correct answer that existed for all his questions. 
In-gong’s thoughts were interrupted. The centaurs were ready to depart. They were in a rush, so the supplies weren’t perfect. 
Ferocious Eyes blew a huge horn. In-gong and 300 centaurs started running behind him.
&
The maneuverability of the centaur troops, who were all cavalry, was tremendous. In-gong had marched with orcs during the subjugation of Red Lightning tribe, so he realized the difference in mobility between the cavalry and infantry. 
While they were sprinting, sunset was gradually getting closer. Karma, the only infantry among the troops, kept sweating but stayed by In-gong’s side. 
The sight of so many centaurs on the plains was extraordinary. Those who were running at the front found the small temple covered in green light, unlike its usual state. They also found a group of casios a little further away. 
"Oh, my god.”
"Green Wind."
All doubts about their chief’s orders were gone. Some of them couldn’t resist the impulse to look at In-gong. 
Ferocious Eyes remained calm. The centaurs gradually lowered the speed of their advance and measured the number of casios.
It was estimated that there were 400~500. Moreover, it was the first time they had seen the monsters that were mixed in with the casios. 
Due to the large numbers and unknown enemies, they would have normally avoided fighting. However, this wasn’t a fight that could be avoided. 
"Prince, they are baffled by our appearance.”
Ferocious Eyes stopped and said to him. It was the last breath before the battle began. 
In-gong gazed at the casios as well and he remembered Green Wind’s words. 
She didn’t say to simply fight. In-gong had to absorb the remaining fragment of Ainkel to defeat the northern threat. 
There was something in the temple. In-gong decided to tell Ferocious Eyes. 
"I am going to the temple. Don’t let them approach it.”
Ferocious Eyes didn’t ask anymore. He just took out a bow and said to In-gong, 
"I will give you nine people. Stay safe.”
A horn sounded between the centaurs. Ferocious Eyes and the centaurs started running in a diagonal direction like they were blocking the temple, while In-gong ran straight to the temple. Carack, Karma and several centaurs followed In-gong. 
Instead of the sound of a horn, there were a large roar among the casios. In the sky, twilight was spreading.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 47 - Chapter 7: Advent #5 
In history, cavalry could be divided into two types.  
There were those who used their mobility to attack and depart repeatedly or those who joined together as a mighty stone cavalry to push behind enemy lines.. 
The centaurs of the Mighty Fire tribe were closer to cavalry archers. 
The centaurs, including Ferocious Eyes, pulled their bows and fired. Shooting a bow on a horse was a task that required high training but it was a necessity for the centaurs.
In-gong required them to draw the casios’ attention, not defeat them. 
As the casios had more numbers than them, Ferocious Eyes didn’t want to rush recklessly at the casios. So, he fired arrows instead. The arrows flew in a large arc. 
The rain of arrows pouring from the sky was enough to cause pressure, but the casios just ran forward and didn’t avoid the arrows. 
The ones at the front were hit by the arrows, but a far greater number of casios passed through the rain of arrows. They were either being controlled or didn’t care about death. Some of them even caught the arrows in their mouths. 
The centaurs listened to each other and shot arrows in succession. Dozens of casios died whenever the rain of arrows poured out. However, the distance between the casios and the centaurs was decreasing rapidly. 
After the third arrow, Ferocious Eyes switched from a bow to a spear. The casios had a mobility comparable to the centaurs’ because they were rushing to their deaths.
They didn’t care about melee warfare. 
Ferocious Eyes shouted angrily. 
His roars shook the heavens and the earth but In-gong didn’t look back at Ferocious Eyes and the battlefield. In-gong used the mini-map to navigate the draco. 
A part of the group of casios split off and headed toward the temple. It seemed like In-gong wouldn’t be able to avoid a struggle. 
‘There are a lot of them.’
He guessed that there were dozens of them. It was possible because compared to In-gong and the centaurs, the casios had superior numbers. 
Carack, who was on the draco next to In-gong, asked him, 
"Prince! Do you just have to enter the temple?” 
In-gong had to do precisely that. Green Wind didn’t tell him the specifics of the power, only that the power was sleeping in the small temple.
However, In-gong just nodded. He replied like a king talking to his men. 
“Yes! We will be victorious if we arrive at the temple!” 
Carack laughed at In-gong’s words. He held the dwarf axe and shouted excitedly, 
"Then we will pierce through!” 
Carack raised the speed of the draco and gave a battle cry as a wedge formation centering around In-gong formed naturally. 
"Karaha!" 
It was a warrior’s cry that raised the spirits of allies. In-gong stabbed the air with a dwarf dagger. 
“Below the King’s Flag!”
It was the first time he had used Below the King’s Flag since securing the Thunder Light Anvil. The level of Conquest and Below the King’s Flag had risen. 
A large flag made of pure white light unfurled behind In-gong’s back. The light spread out to cover Carack as well as Karma and the centaurs running with In-gong. 
Karma, who was within the range of Below the King’s Flag, felt a spark of vitality through her body. The centaurs went wild and jumped against the wind. 
In-gong felt the change. All those affected by Below the King’s Flag had become one. 
"Pierce through!” 
“Kuraha!” 
Carack replied to In-gong’s command. Surrounded by white light, In-gong’s troops were like a sharp arrow. 
The 33 casios and three creatures, which seemed to be drake ogres, were like an illusion blocking In-gong from reaching Green Wind. Instead of slowing down, Carack just swung his axe as hard as he could. 
A violent clash took place. Blood and flesh scattered in the air as there was a howl. 
In-gong instinctively realized something - it would be the end if they stopped. They had to keep penetrating through.
Karma jumped up and trampled on the head of a casios. Carack moved his axe like a madman as he opened the path while the centaurs blocked access with their spears. 
The casios weren’t caught quietly. They ran and tackled some centaurs down to the ground. The centaurs were reinforced by Below the King’s Flag but they weren’t invincible. The sharp teeth and claws of the casios caught the centaurs. 
Horrible screams hit his ears but he couldn’t stop. Carack roared loudly,
"Prince! Go!” 
The road was opened and the small temple was right in front of him. 
"Kuratha!” 
One drake ogre cried out urgently and tried to block In-gong’s way, but it was futile. Karma jumped up to step on the drake ogre’s head while Carack’s axe struck his side. The drake ogre, who was much bigger than Carack, lost his balance and fell sideways. 
In-gong rode through the open gap. He was now at the very front and before his eyes, he saw an drake ogre hitting the barrier of green light around the small temple. 
"Green Wind’s barrier!”
One of the centaurs following In-gong cried out. In-gong ran straight and pulled back his right arm. A red and yellow light emanated from Earth Quaker as the draco used its instantaneous speed. The drake ogre hurriedly turned around but In-gong had already reached him and In-gong didn’t spare his aura. 
The power of an explosion! 
The Earth Quaker’s amplified white aura hit the drake ogre. Unlike how the casios had exploded, the drake ogre didn’t explode, but he was pushed back and fell to the ground. 
The wall of green light didn’t block In-gong and his party. In-gong passed through the wall first, followed by Carack, Karma and the centaurs. 
Carack once again knew what he had to do. Instead of entering the temple along with In-gong, he held his axe and waited at the entrance of the temple with Karma and the centaurs. 
Unlike the party, the casios and drake ogres couldn’t go through the barrier, so they were smashing against it. 
‘Hurry! Enkidu’s equipment will lead you!’ 
Green Wind’s voice was heard in In-gong’s head. In-gong jumped down from the draco and rushed deep into the temple with Enkidu’s magic power in Earth Quaker leading the way. 
A large tree was growing in the middle of a flat place in the deepest part of the small temple. Despite being inside the building, the tree with its roots and branches was be enough to support the entire small temple.
Enkidu’s magic power resonated. In-gong reached out with his right arm which was wearing Earth Quaker and Ainkel’s magic power was released from deep within the tree. 
Then In-gong was standing in front of something that looked like a huge tree but wasn’t one. Dozens of tree trunks covered in green light were joined together. It seemed like a flower bud that was opening. 
In-gong took a deep breath. Every time a tree opened, Ainkel’s magic power became stronger and Earth Quaker emitted more light. 
Finally, the thing hidden deep in the tree was revealed to In-gong. It was a fist sized green stone located between dozens of trees. In-gong realized what it was the moment he saw it shining like a jewel. 
‘Dragon heart!’ 
It was the source of magic power that every dragon had. It symbolised that they had all descended from the great kings. 
It wasn’t a complete chunk. Green Wind had said that only a fragment was here. However, this wasn’t from an ordinary dragon; it was a piece of the elder dragon, Ainkel.
The green light winding around the trees took the shape of Green Wind. She showed up in front of In-gong and explained in an urgent voice, 
"A long time ago, Watcher Ainkel made the Enger Plains from a desert using great magic. This temple is located in the center of that magic.”
It had indeed been the feat of an elder dragon. Green Wind grabbed In-gong’s hand and said, 
"I came from the fragment of Ainkel but I have changed as many years have passed since I was born. Please wake up Ainkel’s magic that remains in this temple. She left the magic to watch over the Enger Plains and its children.” 
Once Green Wind’s hand touched him, In-gong was able to grasp the situation outside the small temple. The green light barrier around the temple was on the verge of collapse and a fierce clash was occurring between Ferocious Eyes’ centaurs and the casios. 
In-gong breathed in deeply and recalled the incident with the Thunder Light Anvil. 
This time he didn’t have Felicia and Caitlin but he had to do it, even if he was alone. 
In-gong stretched out his right arm and raised his hand over the green stone that was a piece of Ainkel.
&
Since the beginning of time, there had been six great dragons in the world. 
One of them... 
She had been born from the wind that swept the world. 
Her name had been Ainkel, who watched. Unlike Enkidu who was a tyrant, she was a gentle and beautiful female who watched those born on the earth. 
In-gong saw an illusion of a dragon covered in green scales. There was no sense of intimidation and fear like when he had seen Enkidu. She was huge but also beautiful and natural. She became like a cloud in the sky or an island in the sea as she became part of the landscape. 
Her green eyes emitted a warm light as she gazed at In-gong. He closed his eyes from the warmth of those green eyes. 
[Dragon Characters Lv1 has been learnt.] 
A clear voice was heard in his head. At the same time, In-gong understood some of the magic left behind by Ainkel.
In-gong woke up through Enkidu’s magic power and heard the wind. The new magic power was wrapped entirely around the small temple. 
Green Wind hugged her shoulders. It had been a long time since she had felt Ainkel’s magic, so she was thrilled. 
She looked down at Enger Plains from the sky. The miracle she had hoped for was happening. Large tree trunks sprouted out all around the small temple. Ainkel’s soldiers rose from the ground and started to shape themselves. 
They were treants. 
It started with one but soon expanded to dozens. They hadn’t uprooted and taken the first steps yet, but it was only a matter of time. 
The casios and drake ogres were noticeably confused. The drake ogres, who had been fighting the centaurs fiercely, quickly turned toward the temple but dozens of treants were already between them and the temple. 
It had become like this. It had been risky but it was just in time. There had been a large sacrifice but the Enger Plains were now guarded.
Green Wind sighed with relief and returned to the temple. She gave a deep bow of gratitude to In-gong. 
However, she was shocked when she returned to the temple. Without realising it, she cried out with amazement. 
In-gong still had his hands on the piece of Ainkel. Although the spell had already been activated in response to Enkidu’s magic, the connection between In-gong and the piece of Ainkel wasn’t cut off. The magic power remaining in the piece of Ainkel was being sucked into In-gong’s hands. 
Why? What was happening? 
There was only one answer. 
Conquest. 
It was the white woman's voice. 
She wore a golden crown and appreciated Green Wind’s shock. She whispered into In-gong’s soul. 
‘Rule.
Make them submit. 
Even if it is an elder dragon, make them kneel before you. 
You, the Conquest Knight.’ 
In-gong didn’t stop. He dominated the power left behind in the piece of Ainkel.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 48 - Chapter 7: Advent #6 
A miracle was happening outside the small temple.
There was a flash of light and great trees rose where there had been nothing before. They formed the shape of men with two hands.
Karma swallowed her saliva as the roots of the treants moved. She had a little bit of druid knowledge, so she was thrilled by the new force appearing on Enger Plains.
"Green Wind."
The centaurs next to Karma expressed their heartfelt admiration. Some closed their eyes and prayed with their hands together. The casiso and drake ogres, both of whom were struggling with the green barrier, also stared at the treants. The casios, who weren’t even afraid of the rain of arrows, felt their bodies start shaking.
Even the smallest of the treants were at least five or six metres tall. It seemed as though a forest was moving.
The drake ogres screamed while the casios raised their heads to the sky and roared. The centaurs, however, shouted Green Wind’s name.
In the midst of all the noise, Carack heard something else. Even though something wonderful was happening in front of his eyes, he looked back reflexively while holding his axe.
Deep inside the small temple...
The effect of Below the King’s Flag was already gone. However, Carack was In-gong’s knight and could feel it.
“Prince.”
In-gong’s power was becoming stronger.
&
If Enkidu’s power was destruction, then Ainkel’s was life.
No matter what it was, the power of an elder dragon couldn’t be stolen easily.
The power of the dragon had been frozen in the piece of the dragon heart, so only a dragon could accept the magic power of another dragon.
However, Conquest wasn’t that simple. It was the power of dominance.
Ainkel’s magic power didn’t resist. It accepted In-gong’s dominance.
Ainkel’s magic flowed so naturally toward In-gong that he was slightly taken aback.
The power of a dragon entered In-gong’s body and naturally, the magic power attacked In-gong’s body. In-gong’s flesh was too fragile to endure a dragon’s magic power.
However, the whole process didn’t end with destruction.
[Your level has risen.]
In-gong received a vast amount of experience for the achievement, so he gained a level. A pure white light restored In-gong’s destroyed body.
In-gong screamed painfully as he was surrounded by the white light. This was because Ainkel’s magic power destroyed his barely recovered body once again.
Then In-gong’s level rose once again.
[Your level has risen.]
[Your level has risen.]
Exactly three times...
That was the number of times that the repetition of destruction and regeneration had occurred. It was like breaking an old bowl and creating a new one repeatedly.
The clear voice of a woman resonated in In-gong’s head.
[Passive skill - Dragon Lineage Lv1 has been acquired.]
[Dragon Lineage Lv1 skill Dragon Blood has been learnt.]
It was a modification of his body. The dragon’s magic power evolved his flesh.
The power of Conquest and Protagonist Body made that possible. It developed into a new transformation.
[The level of Protagonist Body has risen.]
[The Protagonist Body Lv2 skill Hundred Poisons Resistance has been learnt.]
[The level of Magic Power Control has risen.]
[You have acquired the power of life.]
The body reconstruction was completed. The white and green light swirling around In-gong’s body scattered in the air.
In-gong opened his eyes slowly. His status window was floating in front of him.
[Name: Shutra Ignus]
[Age: 14]
[Species: Gandharva]
[Occupation: Protagonist]
[Secondary Occupation: Conquest Knight Lv2/ Dragon Humanoid]
[Uniqueness: Prince/ Conquest Knight/ Dragon Humanoid]
[Properties: Life]
[Level: 17]
Strength: 45
Intelligence: 45
Agility: 45
Talent: 45
Persistence: 45
Durability: 45
Mental Power: 45
Magic Power: 45
Charm: 32
Extra Points: 32
His basic stats had increased as a whole. There was the life property that hadn’t existed before, in addition to a secondary occupation and uniqueness.
‘Dragon humanoid.’
He had already seen it in Knight Saga. Despite being half draconian and half sura, it was a characteristic of Zephyr who had awakened his dragon blood.
Zephyr, who inherited the lineage of a dragon.
Locke, who inherited a dragon’s soul.
In-gong had the blood of a gandharva and sura. However, he was now ambushed by Ainkel’s power.
[Dragon Humanoid Lv1]
[The lineage of a dragon, the descendant of the Great King, has awakened in the flesh of a son of man. A dragon’s magic power is different.]
[Dragon Blood Lv1]
[The power of the Great Dragon has awakened in your body. All stats will rise temporarily and strengthen the dragon’s magic power.]
[Hundred Poisons Resistance Lv1.]
[Resistance to poison has increased greatly. (Can be upgraded to Thousand Poisons Resistance and Ten Thousand Poisons Resistance.)]
In-gong took a deep breath. Once he closed and opened his eyes again, the status and skill windows disappeared and he saw Green Wind’s face.
In a voice mixed with confusion and wonder, she said,
"You have obtained the flesh and spirit of a dragon. I can feel the strength of Ainkel coming from you.”
Ainkel’s remaining piece of power had disappeared. All of the power had been consumed to reconstruct In-gong’s flesh and spirit.
However, Green Wind didn’t feel like it was a waste. It was a power that had been sleeping for many years without anyone using it.
The magic in the small temple and Enger Plains were in good shape, so Green Wind’s dream had come true. Then it was good. The important thing right now was that Enger Plains was protected.
Moreover, Green Wind had intuitively sensed something. She couldn’t explain the rationale, but she understood that this was a tipping point.
Watcher Ainkel had accepted In-gong. Instead of resisting or rejecting, she gave him her magic power.
Green Wind didn’t know anything other than that. She nodded with satisfaction.
"After receiving Watcher Ainkel’s power, please watch over my children and the Enger Plains.”
The treants had shown up but the battle wasn’t over. Even at this moment, the casios and centaurs were still clashing.
In-gong nodded slowly. He lifted his right arm and the red and yellow lights seemed to growl. It was like a cry saying it wanted to destroy the enemy quickly.
It was as expected from the Great Tyrant Enkidu. In-gong turned around without any hesitation and ran out of the temple.
"Prince!”
Carack, who was staring at the temple, welcomed In-gong first. In-gong responded with a smile.
“Carack!”
Carack’s expression became calm. He really was the best knight in many ways.
"Your Highness!”
"Ohh, Your Highness the 9th Prince! The agent of Green Wind!”
The centaurs, who noticed belatedly, gazed at In-gong with shining eyes. They weren’t pretty girls like Caitlin but men who were staring at In-gong with starry eyes.
"It is wonderful! As expected from His Highness!”
Karma also praised In-gong. She didn’t know what happened inside the temple, but it was obvious that the miracle had occurred shortly after In-gong entered the temple. For Karma, In-gong wasn’t a mere prince but a great being who had caused a miracle.
He was pleased with the respect and praise that he hadn’t receive a lot of during the Red Lightning subjugation, but he couldn’t enjoy it forever.
In-gong looked beyond Green Wind’s barrier that was further enhanced by Ainkel’s magic.
‘I am grateful for the praise.’
The forest was moving. Common sense seemed to crumble in front of the trees that swung their branches as they moved forward.
There was a battle going on in front of the small temple. The giant treants that were six or seven metres tall moved their branches like a whip while their roots were tangled up with the casios’ legs.
In-gong opened the mini-map and gazed at it. Dozens of treants had appeared simultaneously where the centaurs, led by Ferocious Eyes, were fighting.
As expected, a melee was unfolding. The red dots and blue dots were scrambled together. Naturally, the damage was forced to grow.
‘There are three critical areas on the battlefield.’
One place was the left side of the battlefield and near the entrance to the temple.
Dozens of treants and drake ogres were facing each other.
On the right side of the battlefield, the centaurs and casios were mixed together.
In-gong knew where his power was needed most. He needed to break the morale of the entire group of casios.
‘A power is manipulating the casios. We must crush that power that is coming from the north.’
A purple wind wrapped around the casios.
Green Wind’s voice went into In-gong’s head and inspired him. Green Wind didn’t stop with In-gong, but also delivered the message to the treants.
Among the drake ogres, there was one particularly huge one. The upper body of the ogre was covered in blue scales while the lower half was larger than even the biggest casios.
The goat head had four horns protruding from it and his eyes were blood red.
He was the boss among the drake ogres. He was holding giant sickles in his hands and cutting the treants like he was harvesting them.
In-gong’s gaze moved towards the centre of the battlefield.
He was focused on that. In-gong had to defeat the drake ogre’s leader in order to improve the situation.
It wouldn’t be easy but the idea didn’t see too reckless. He could do it by himself now.
No, he had to do it.
"Carack, I will leave the temple to you.”
In-gong ordered. The small temple was still important. The magic moving the treants was done in the small temple.
Thus, he told Carack to protect it. Since waking up in the tent, he had always been behind Carack. However, this time he was going alone. He ignored the passion behind him and only concentrated on the battle in front of him.
Carack was confused by In-gong’s command, but it was only for a moment. He sensed the genuineness in In-gong and gave a cool smile.
"Go!”
A simple shout, but this was more dependable.
The centaurs were unable to keep up with the situation and blinked with confusion. Karma was also baffled but as the woman he picked to be his number two subordinate, she quickly realized what was going on.
"Come back safely! I will defend the temple!”
She would guard the temple with Carack.
In-gong nodded. The draco then approached In-gong. Despite being young, he felt like the draco was very clever.
‘I’ll have to name him after the fight.’
In-gong laughed before mounting the draco. He controlled his breathing and triggered Aura.
A white aura flared up like fire and the power of Conquest was activated softly.
‘It is my first boss fight alone.’
In-gong formed a fist. He crossed the green barrier and headed towards the drake ogres.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 49 - Chapter 7: Advent #7
A one-on-one battle on a typical battlefield was difficult to achieve.
There were many things going on.
The first was the distance. It was common to have a considerable distance between both camps. In the meantime, there were soldiers in each camp. Therefore, it was difficult to have a long encounter with someone from the very beginning.
Most commanders avoided a one-on-one confrontation unless it was a special case. The role of a leader was to command the soldiers on the battlefield. A battlefield wouldn’t end with just a single death. In the worst case scenario, the person would be killed in the battle itself.
‘That is a common war story.’
However, Knight Saga was different. Commanders avoided one-on-one battles for these reasons, but In-gong knew of crucial variables.
These included aura, magic, psychic powers, divine powers and various physical abilities.
There were some commanders in Knight Saga with enough combat power to be a one man army.
It was the same for General Vandal and Chris and Caitlin of the lycanthropes.
‘Hitman unit.’
They were independent troops that targeted enemy commanders on the battlefield.
The biggest reasons why Chris and Caitlin were called bloody monsters was because they managed the hitman units in very extreme ways.
It was through a sudden breakthrough. They crushed all the obstacles blocking their way and rushed in to kill the enemy.
Of course, Chris and Caitlin were the ones who usually acted as the hitman units.
In-gong’s eyes were sharp. At this moment, he had to act similarly to the two of them.
‘I will do it in a more refined way.’
The draco ran forward. It was the border of twilight and night, so the sky was red, yellow and dark.
In-gong glanced in front of him and at the mini-map.
The drake ogre he targeted was at the very front. There were drake ogres around him, but In-gong didn’t need to cross an army to get to him.
‘Open the way.’
He would then make a stage where a frontal confrontation was possible. He had already planned the method in his head.
“Green Wind.”
When he called her name, a soft light glowed from his chest. Green Wind’s voice was heard in In-gong’s head... No, the illusion of Green Wind stood next to In-gong. In-gong didn’t explain but she understood his intent.
"Son of Ainkel, I will follow you.”
Leading the treants, this secondary part would be done by Green Wind.
In-gong reached out toward Green Wind. It was as natural as when he first got his hands on Enkidu’s power.
“Please cooperate.”
Green Wind sighed like it couldn’t be helped, then nodded with a smile that was reminiscent of Ainkel.
“I will accept.”
Green Wind didn’t avoid In-gong’s hands. Rather, she opened her arms and embraced In-gong.
The power of Conquest was triggered. Green Wind allowed it and temporarily went under In-gong’s control.
Green Wind turned into light and wrapped around In-gong’s arms and legs. The green light mixed in with the pure white aura, causing In-gong to feel the power of the wind coming from his body.
“Open the path!”
The command was passed on and the treants followed In-gong’s command silently. In-gong manipulated the battlefield using the mini-map quickly and accurately.
The treants moved in unison to push the drake ogres out of the way. The drake ogre leader, who was wielding his scythe in a crazed manner, soon realized that he was on his own. There were still drake ogres and treants on the battlefield, but he was obviously alone.
Mustafa was the leader of the drake ogres. Instead of rushing toward the treants, he read the situation instinctively and noticed the significance of the open path.
A smile formed on Mustafa’s goat-like face. Rather, he seemed to like this situation as he roared at In-gong.
It seemed to shake the entire battlefield. However, In-gong just smiled firmly at the war cry. Sweat was flowing down his back but he stared straight at Mustafa instead of running away.
‘You can do it. You will win, my temporary master.’
Green Wind whispered. Despite the fact that a desperate situation was in front of him, In-gong thought it was foolish to say such words to him.
However, he relaxed thanks to that. In-gong thought of the reason he was targeting Mustafa.
It was to win. He was here because he was confident he could win the fight.
“Dragon Blood.”
He had the special skill of a dragon humanoid. The dragon power located in In-gong’s body and soul was provoked.
His aura and magic power were strengthened. His stats had also all increased. He didn’t open the status window but it was obvious they had jumped by at least 10%.
Moreover, Dragon Blood had an unexpected efficacy.
Earth Quaker gave a low growl. Red and yellow light emitted through the black armour and it transformed into a more aggressive form.
Earth Quaker contained the power of Enkidu. It was natural that it would respond to a dragon humanoid. This could be called the true form of Earth Quaker.
[Earth Quaker’s internal skill - Gigantic Piston Lv1 has been acquired.]
[Earth Quaker has opened some of its true power. The effect of Earth Quaker will be recalibrated.]
[Strength has increased by 20.]
[Agility has increased by 15.]
[Persistence has increased by 20.]
[The levels of Magic Power Control and Aura have risen by one.]
Green Wind didn’t stay still either and In-gong received her blessing.
[Strength has increased by 10%.]
[Agility has increased by 10%.]
[Durability has increased by 10%.]
[Persistence has increased by 10%.]
[Protection of the Wind is activated. Your movements have improved.]
[Grassland Reclamation is activated. Healing of injuries will speed up.]
[Protection of the Wind Lv1 has been learnt.]
[Grassland Reclamation Lv1 has been learnt.]
A clear voice was heard constantly in his head. He felt uncomfortable due to the significant rise in ability.
However, In-gong didn’t panic. His new Conquest abilities had also risen. He faced Mustafa and formed a fist.
“I will try it.”
In-gong jumped down from the draco instead of rushing in. He took the posture of Beast Authority and activated Divine Beast Authority.
A pure white aura...
It flowed between the red and yellow lights of Earth Quaker.
The green light originated from Green Wind.
In-gong, who was covered in various buffs, beckoned to Mustafa as a taunt.
Mustafa couldn’t stand it. He roared again and rushed toward In-gong.
It was an unbelievable speed for someone over four meters tall. He was like a runaway train.
In-gong glared as he stared at what was before him. Green Wind read Mustafa’s trajectory.
She determined whether it was a front, side or diagonal direction.
In-gong kicked against the ground. He estimated Mustafa’s trajectory and rolled on the ground. He jumped up and struck the lower half of Mustafa accurately on the side.
The power of an explosion!
Kwaang!
Aura exploded and Mustafa’s body flew up approximately one meter in a diagonal direction. However, shortly afterwards, Mustafa swung at In-gong’s head.
In-gong managed to avoid the attack intuitively. It was impossible to damage the lower half that was covered with thick scales. Moreover, Mustafa’s reflexes were surprising. He rose one meter in a diagonal line because he jumped at the moment of the attack. Although the angle meant the attack wasn’t fully received, the performance was clear.
It was true for the shocked Mustafa. In-gong’s blow had far exceeded Mustafa’s expectation. Mustafa raised his scythe again like he was hiding the pain. Rather than stopping Mustafa’s attacks, In-gong ran to Mustafa in order to limit his trajectory.
‘Don’t drag this out for a long time.’
Due to the various buffs, his stats skyrocketed but it was taking a toll on his body. Moreover, he was now in an evasive fight, so his concentration was being exhausted quickly. A long fight was disadvantageous for In-gong.
He needed to finish it with one shot. He would finish the fight by aiming a blow at the upper body.
In-gong focused the white aura on his right arm. He didn’t just focus on the explosion but condensed it on Earth Quaker. The white light surrounded Earth Quaker and it made a noise like an engine from a sports car.
Mustafa sensed the danger and sped up his attacks while In-gong continued to flee from the attacks. Mustafa got angry then and covered his scythe with a purple light.
One hit would kill In-gong.
At that moment, the scythe struck like a thunderbolt. In-gong barely evaded it and Mustafa opened his mouth. It wasn’t a mere roar, but a distinctive drake ogre battle cry that caused mental collapse.
Mustafa aimed a wild blow at him but this was a chance for In-gong. As soon as the battle cry emerged, the Tears of a Dark Elf hanging from his neck turned purple and blocked Mustafa’s spiritual attack.
He would take this chance.
In-gong responded immediately. He didn’t hesitate to run toward the blow.
“Carack!”
It wasn’t a mere cry; he was using a skill.
The King's Knights- Call!
Carack appeared in the space in front of In-gong. Carack was baffled by the sudden move but he was an orc. Instead of asking what had happened while facing Mustafa, he followed his warrior’s instinct.
“Kuraha!”
He shouted loudly and struck Mustafa’s leg with an axe. Although the blade didn’t entirely hit, Mustafa’s legs buckled momentarily. At that moment, In-gong leapt forward. He ran up the back of the trusty Carack and looked down on Mustafa.
Mustafa raised his head quickly and saw In-gong who then pulled back his right fist and used his hidden card.
‘Telekinesis!’
Mustafa’s head twisted. It was only a few centimetres at most, but that was enough. Mustafa lost sight of In-gong and was unable to respond properly due to the sudden event. In-gong’s hand stretched out and hit Mustafa’s head.
It was something other than the power of an explosion. The condensed aura and power in Earth Quaker exploded at once!
Gigantic Piston!
Earth Quaker howled. There was a loud roar as the condensed aura emerged. The intensity didn’t just penetrate the giant Mustafa’s head, but his whole body as well.
Mustafa’s head exploded. His four legs couldn’t endure the power and broke.
In-gong then landed on the ground. He was exhausted because he had consumed too much of his aura at once. However, he didn’t collapse. He breathed roughly and raised his head.
Mustafa's body, however, collapsed. He fell to the ground with a great sound and a purple light rose up from his body. It soared into the sky and scattered into pieces.
The drake ogres screamed. The casios had lost the purple aura around them and cried out in confusion.
In-gong, who was breathing roughly, didn’t hear any of those noises. It was because a clear voice had entered In-gong’s ears.
[Your level has risen.]
The white light wrapped around In-gong’s body.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 50 - Chapter 7: Advent #8 
[Boss: Drake Ogre Mustafa has been defeated.]
[Title: Drake Ogre Slayer has been acquired.]
It was a clear declaration of victory as much as his level up had showed.
“Hoo.”
In-gong breathed out. The level up bonus restored his full strength but Below the King’s Flag consumed his mental power.
‘It is a good thing I leveled up since I almost fainted.’
Gigantic Piston consumed a tremendous amount of aura and strength.
‘But isn’t this just the beginning?’
In order to use the super special weapons built into various weapons, a super special control skill was essential. In-gong didn’t have a super special control skill, so Gigantic Piston wasn’t Earth Quaker’s super special skill.
There was one step higher, maybe it was even a few steps.
‘As expected from the six elder dragons.’
In-gong squeezed lightly and admired his right hand. Dragon Blood was released, so Earth Quaker was back to its original form.
‘Gigantic Piston is quite good. Right now, the main focus is explosion... I wish I can meet Chris and Caitlin again soon. There are too many skills for me to learn.’
There were various techniques in Divine Beast Authority besides the power of explosion. Having a variety of skills was important in Knight Saga, but he also needed to use them at the right spot.
‘Yes, Telekinesis.’
Just before the final blow, he had used Telekinesis to freeze Mustafa. It was a very wonderful usage, so In-gong smiled as he thought about it.
"Is it over now?”
A voice interrupted In-gong’s thoughts. He saw Carack holding the dwarf axe.
“Carack!”
In-gong cried out enthusiastically and Carack gave a hearty laugh as he said,
"Your Highness, didn’t you tell me to defend the temple?”
That was correct. It was only 10 minutes ago.
"I'm sorry. I love you. You are the best."
In-gong laughed while Carack stepped back with his hands raised.
"Enough, I like women. Prince, I should go back.”
"Yes, please take care of the temple once again.”
“Understood. And I guessed I missed the right timing, but congratulations on your victory."
Carack turned around and starting running toward the small temple.
‘He is really trustworthy.’
In-gong watched Carack’s back and opened the mini-map to look at the battle. He had spent too much time thinking.
The change after Mustafa’s defeat was great. The drake ogres that had witnessed Mustafa’s collapsed started moving to get away rather than fight aggressively. They started to be pushed by the treants who didn’t feel any emotions.
While In-gong and Carack were talking, the situation had changed suddenly.
The casios weren’t much different from the drake ogres. Once the purple aura that paralyzed their reasoning disappeared, they started to feel fear again. It was impossible for them to attack while fearing death now.
That wasn't the only problem. The casios had lost their herd unity. The leaders formed groups consisting of dozens of casios and made different judgements.
The casios that appeared on Enger Plains originally had a chief leading all the leaders. However, this time, there wasn’t a leader for the entire group of casios due to losing Mustafa.
Some of the casios leaders chose to run away while other casios leaders chose to fight the centaurs in front of them.
Each group of casios were moving in their own way, so they couldn’t fight properly. The casios were in the midst of a terrible confusion and couldn’t exert their combat power properly.
The battlefield was leaning to one side. Even so, the battle wasn’t finished. There were several types of victories, so now was the time to reduce the damage to his allies.
He heard Green Wind’s voice.
‘My temporary master. I am amazed at your dancing. Can I give a little more strength to my children? I beg this favour of you.’
In short, she wanted to help the centaurs.
In-gong nodded and blew a whistle. Like he had expected, the draco started running toward In-gong.
“Really smart.”
Did Felicia use magic to increase its intelligence?
In-gong touched the Tears of the Dark Elves hanging from his neck and climbed on the draco’s back.
The centaurs were pushing the casios backs. Despite the considerable distance, In-gong could see where Ferocious Eyes was fighting at a glance. The centaur tribe chief was literally wiping out the casios. He could see the blue aura coming from Ferocious Eyes.
Green Wind whispered again.
‘My temporary master. There is something that can be done now that Ainkel’s magic is activated. I’ll pass on your merit to the children on the battlefield. Your victory will cause their morale to significantly rise. My children’s hearts will be won by your merits like I was.’
In-gong allowed it. The green light around In-gong scattered and he felt Green Wind head toward the centaurs.
Not long after, she talked to them.
"9th Prince!"
“Agent of Green Wind!”
"His Highness the 9th Prince is with us!”
The centaurs shouted. Their cries tangled together and became a victory roar that shook the entire battlefield.
In-gong felt the gaze of Ferocious Eyes. In-gong raised his fist in triumph and moved the draco.
The battle continued until nighttime. It was a great success that no one could deny.
&
Large flames rose in the night sky above the plains.
The centaurs stacked up firewood around the small temple and lit a fire. It was in order to celebrate the victory and honour the souls of those who had died in the battle.
The chiefs of the other three tribes rushed over when they heard the news, bringing plentiful amounts of meat. The warriors of the Mighty Fire tribe had their blood heated by the battle and cooled it with alcohol.
"9th Prince was looking at me!”
“No, he was looking at me!”
Two centaur warriors argued drunkenly among themselves. In fact, it wasn’t just two people. Almost all the warriors of the Mighty Fire tribe were excited to exchange glances with In-gong.
It wasn’t because In-gong was a prince. It wasn’t only because he had played a decisive role in a battle.
It was because In-gong was the guardian of Green Wind, making him the guardian of Enger Plains.
Green Wind had chosen In-gong. Thanks to him, a miracle had occurred as trees rose from the ground to fight the enemy.
Green Wind had also passed on In-gong’s merits to them. For the warriors of the Mighty Fire tribe, In-gong was seen as the incarnation of Green Wind.
“They respect you. There is a sincere look of respect.”
As Karma spoke to In-gong, her red cheeks showed she was also drunk. She was greatly moved by everything that happened today.
Normally, she gave off a tough impression, so it was cute to see her drunk expression in front of the fire. Carack laughed and touched In-gong’s arm gently.
"Prince, your popularity is great.”
"9th Prince did a great job. It is a natural reaction.”
Ferocious Eyes responded. He seemed unbelievably soft compared to how he looked at Zephyr in Knight Saga.
The transformation was quite shocking to the other tribe chiefs. The three chiefs of the Heavy Winds, Heavy Rain and Rough Night tribes couldn’t move their gazes away from Ferocious Eyes’ face.
"No one else has completed the casios subjugation task so quickly. It is clearly the shortest time.”
Karma said, clasping her hands together. It wasn’t flattery but a clear remark.
In-gong had only arrived yesterday, yet the task was completed today. He finished the subjugation task in two days.
The warriors of the four tribes were originally planning to gather in three days, so it was a clear record.
In-gong could imagine the reactions of Isabella and Caitlin. There was also a smile on In-gong’s face.
"Carack, I will get some rest first.”
As In-gong stood up, Karma and the centaurs gazed at him. Ferocious Eyes looked regretful that In-gong was leaving so early, while the chiefs of the three tribes were amazed that Ferocious Eyes was making that look.
Carack maintained his composure and replied,
"You had a hard time today, so sleep well. A good night's sleep is essential for growth.”
In-gong had never thought Carack would make a remark about his growth spurt here. In-gong laughed and hit Carack’s shoulder.
"Yes, you should grow as well.”
“Rest well.”
"Good night."
Ferocious Eyes and Karma also said goodbye to him. After saying goodbye to them and the centaurs who were reluctant to let him leave, In-gong entered the small temple where his quarters were.
The temple was very quiet. It was a sharp contrast to the loud centaurs who were drunk.
However, In-gong felt comfort instead of discomfort because he knew why it was quiet. Green Wind had moved the wind around the temple to block off all of the surrounding sound.
In-gong sat on the bed that Carack had arranged for him beforehand and gazed at the tree trunks in the centre of the temple.
“Green Wind.”
“Wouldn’t it be better to talk tomorrow? You seem a bit tired.”
He called out and Green Wind came. She was now sitting beside In-gong.
“It’s okay. There are a few things I want to thank Green Wind for."
In the first place, he hadn’t gone there to rest. Green Wind was the reborn piece of Ainkel, so there were many things he wanted to ask her.
Green Wind stared at In-gong before nodding slowly.
"I understand, my temporary master. Then before we talk, can you release your control over me?”
In order to help In-gong in today’s battle, Green Wind had temporarily agreed to be ruled by him. In-gong nodded because he couldn’t bring her with him.
“I understand. Please wait a moment... Eh?”
"Temporary master, what is it? You seem to be very confused about something.”
She saw it straight away. In-gong was baffled.
In-gong had obviously conquered Green Wind. It wasn’t possible to define what conquest was, but it was true that he had dominated Green Wind in a manner similar to Thunder Heaven Anvil and Earth Quaker. There was no difficulty because Green Wind had accepted the conquest.
However, there was a problem.
"The control, how do I release it?”
Green Wind blinked at In-gong’s question, then stared at him blankly.
&
“You are my temporary master, not a permanent one! Find a way!”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 51 - Chapter 7: Advent #9 
“You are my temporary master, not a permanent one! Find a way!”
Green Wind stood up and shouted. The wind blew around her as she was quite agitated and her green hair flew up like flames.
In-gong waved his hands and cried out,
"Wait a minute, wait a minute! Just calm down.”
“Understood.”
Green Windy responded promptly and really sat back down. In-gong coughed a few times before asking Green Wind,
"Green Wind, what is your current state?”
All the things In-gong had conquered so far didn’t have a will, so it was impossible for them to speak. Due to that, In-gong didn’t know exactly how he had ‘conquered Green Wind’.
Green Wind looked up at In-gong with doe-like, clear eyes and said in a natural tone.
"I am yours. So, I have to submit to you. You can do whatever you please.”
Green Wind spoke casually but In-gong’s perspective was different. In-gong knew she was trying to calm down.
"Watch me.”
Instead of looking at Green Wind, In-gong stared at the tree trunks and took deep breaths.
“Okay. Let’s talk again. Anyway, is it that uncomfortable to be dominated by me? Things have changed.”
"It isn’t about my abilities or status. I need to exist here as Green Wind.”
Green Wind stood up again and pointed at herself.
"My master, if I am gone, Enger Plains will lose its colour. I am a piece of Watcher Ainkel and the symbol of her magic on the Enger Plains.”
Watcher Ainkel had two magic spells on Enger Plains.
One was the magic of life that turned a desert into the Enger Plains and the other was the magic to protect Enger Plains that In-gong used today.
Green Wind had become a separate existence from Ainkel, so she was separate from the protection magic, but the magic of life was different.
She had kept watch over the Enger Plains for a long time and became closely related to the life magic that kept it green. She was like the biggest cog that kept a machine spinning precisely.
In the first place, she was concentrating mostly on the magic of life and helping In-gong, instead of fighting the monsters directly.
After hearing Green Wind’s explanation, In-gong came up with the simplest solution.
"Well, okay. Then can’t I just leave you behind at Enger Plains? You don’t have to leave with me.”
The Thunder Light Anvil was left in its original spot and nothing else happened. In-gong had no intention of taking Green Wind if it would turn Enger Plains into a desert again.
However, Green Wind because greatly panicked by In-gong’s words and her face seemed like someone losing their country.
"Master, are you planning on abandoning me?”
If he nodded, he would feel like a bad guy as ‘leave here’ was interpreted as ‘abandoning her’.
“Uh... Wait a minute. Green Wind, do you want to go with me?”
In response to In-gong’s question, Queen Wind replied decisively like there was nothing to think about.
"Whether it is temporary or permanent, you are still my master. It is natural to join you.”
It wasn’t simply a matter of likes or dislikes. In the first place, she couldn’t act separately from In-gong.
‘Thinking about it... is this a spirit contract?’
In-gong examined Green Wind again. She had the appearance of a beautiful woman but she wasn’t a person. As Green Wind’s name suggested, she seemed to be a wind spirit.
‘Okay, well it isn’t a bad thing. It is good.’
She was a big help in today’s battle. There was no reason for In-gong to resist.
‘All that is left is solving the problem.’
In-gong was troubled and asked Green Wind who was sitting next to him,
“Green Wind, you said that you are the magic symbol of Enger Plains?”
“I did.”
"Then can you make another presence to replace you?”
A new spinning cog would be created to fill in the absence caused by Green Wind.
Green Wind started to think seriously about In-gong’s idea. It seemed like she had never thought of creating something to replace her before.
'Actually, it would be strange if she had thought of it.’
She had been the guardian of Enger Plains for hundreds of years. She thought she would always maintain Enger Plains’ greenness, so she hadn’t thought of another existence.
Some time passed and she frowned after pondering it for a while.
“It might be possible, but if I do that, I won’t be very helpful to Master for a while. I will have to leave almost all my power behind on the Enger Plains. If I stay with Master, I will regain my strength someday... I don’t know when that will be.”
It was a bit disappointing but within the expected range, so In-gong nodded.
“Then do so.”
"I feel somewhat sad doing this. However, I will follow Master’s will.”
She pouted and fell silent like she was really sulking.
In-gong smiled and asked involuntarily,
"Will it take a long time?”
"I’ve never tried it before, so there is no guarantee. My guess is that it requires three or four days.”
Well, it would take some time to clean up this situation. They had to sweep up the runaway casios and dragon ogres as well as decide how to manage the protection magic in the small temple.
‘I don’t know if someone will come from the Demon King’s Palace.’
After securing the Thunder Light Anvil, there were dark elves sent for the sole purpose of exploring the ruins. It was highly possible that the Demon King’s Palace would send an expert to manage it.
In-gong wandered about who might be sent from the Demon King’s Palace. Although he didn’t know everyone in the Demon King’s Palace, he was able to recall the rough profiles of some competent people.
However, he didn’t think about it for long. After sitting back and watching In-gong, Green Wind was reminded of his first purpose.
"Master said there were things you wanted to ask. I am ready for Master’s questions.”
That was the reason he had entered his sleeping quarters despite not sleeping until the late hours normally.
In-gong stared at Green Wind’s face before starting the questioning. She had been reborn but her essence was still the fragment of Ainkel. The mysterious eyes in the beautiful face reminded him of Ainkel who he had seen in the illusion.
"How and when did Ainkel die?”
Green Wind smiled and replied to In-gong’s question,
"I am a fragment. Moreover, I was reborn again as another existence, so I don’t have a lot of Ainkel’s memories. I only remembered that she was murdered around 1,000 years ago.”
An elder dragon with the power of a god was allegedly killed.
It was a huge story, so it had naturally been left unanswered. If those great beings died of old age, he would have felt a sense of discomfort.
“I can’t remember who murdered Watcher Ainkel, but it is clear that it wasn’t another elder dragon.”
Then who did it? Who murdered an elder dragon that had the power of a god?
In-gong questioned it. Green Wind no longer remembered, so there was no answer to his question. Moreover, it was a story that had occurred a thousand years ago.
"Is that your only question?”
“Nope, I have two more.”
"Is that so? Then Master, ask me comfortably. It is likely that this will be permanent instead of temporary, so it will be uncomfortable if Master doesn’t feel at ease when talking to me.”
Green Wind was strangely sincere in some areas. In-gong smiled playfully at her and said,
“I understand. I’ll do that. Then from now on, shall I talk to you casually?”
“What is Master’s question?”
Green Wind was unconcerned by In-gong’s teasing. She looked pretty cute, so In-gong got to the main point.
"As you know, I absorbed Ainkel’s power. Her power is flowing through my body.”
“That’s right. The power of an elder dragon is nestled in Master’s body.
Dragon humanoid - a body that could accept a dragon’s magic power.
This time, he had used almost all of Ainkel’s magic power to transform his body. But if he found another piece of Ainkel, then it would be possible to absorb it.
However, In-gong’s thoughts didn’t end here.
"Then... apart from Ainkel, can I absorb the power of other elder dragons?”
There wasn’t just one but six elder dragons.
Not all of them would have left a piece behind like Ainkel. Instead, it was highly likely that their power existed in objects like Earth Quaker.
‘I might be able to receive some of the power of Queian himself like Locke did.'
Earth Quaker had responded to Ainkel’s strength and revealed part of its mystery. What would happen if he gathered the strengths of the six elder dragons to create a synergy effect?
Green Wind smiled softly at In-gong’s question.
“It is generally impossible, but Master seems to be different.”
In-gong tilted his head and listened. Green Wind grabbed In-gong’s right hand and explained,
"You have the power of Watcher Ainkel and the Great Enkidu. Normally, they can’t get along with each other. However, Master can deal with both of them. If you mastered both Ainkel’s and Enkidu’s powers, then you can also use the power of the other elder dragons.”
He could stimulate Enkidu and Ainkel’s magic power. Rather, it was very easy for him to stimulate it.
However, it was impossible to enchant Earth Quaker with Ainkel’s magic power. It was like strengthening a fire spirit with a water spirit.
Why was such a thing possible for In-gong?
‘Is it my Protagonist occupation?’
In-gong’s main occupation was Protagonist. There was also the addition of the power of Conquest.
Something was strange, but it was difficult to find more convincing reasons.
'Okay, it is like this.’
Then he would gather the powers of the six elder dragons. They had god-like strength, so he could surpass both Locke and Zephyr.
“Master’s eyes are burning with ambition.”
Green Wind said the same thing as Carack. In-gong coughed before leaning back again. Yet, one last question remained.
"Green Wind, how did you get conquered by me?”
“Conquered? If I was to speak of the process... it is Master’s strength, not mine. I just obeyed Master without resisting your power.”
It was an answer he expected. So, In-gong asked once again,
"Then do you know anything about this power that I have?”
Conquest.
The golden-crowned female with white hair.
The power of domination.
Green Wind spoke gently, closing her eyes instead of showing any positive or negative emotion.
"As I mentioned, I don’t have all of Ainkel’s memories. This is why I have incomplete knowledge about Master’s power.”
A light shone in In-gong’s eyes. Having incomplete knowledge was different from having no knowledge at all. The fact that Green Wind had some concept of Conquest meant that a Conquest Knight and Conquest weren’t things that had just popped up suddenly.
“Conquest. Yes, it is Conquest. If I had to name Master’s power, it would be Conquest.”
Green Wind opened her eyes again. Her green eyes seemed more similar to Ainkel than before.
She told In-gong,
"It is the power of a king to conquer and rule over all things. It is your strength. The Conquest Knight, born with the fate of a king.”
It wasn’t Green Wind but Ainkel’s voice.
In-gong’s eyes widened. However, the conversation didn’t continue any longer. After a moment, Green Wind, who had Ainkel’s eyes and voice, fell unconscious. Fortunately, it didn't seem like anything serious had happened to her.
‘A king’s strength.’
In-gong closed his eyes. He felt like he had just heard something extremely important.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 52 - Chapter 8: Excavation 
In-gong opened his eyes slowly. His head was still blank as he woke up from his sleep.
“Prince, are you still asleep?”
A green sight entered his blurred vision but it wasn’t Green Wind’s hair. Green Wind’s voice wasn’t so crude.
“Umm... Carack?”
The first thing he saw when he woke up in the bed was Carack. It was the correct answer as Carack’s big and crude hands lifted In-gong up.
"Come, here is some cold water to wake you up.”
He always started his day with cold water. In-gong swallowed the cold water given by Carack and started waking up.
“It is almost lunchtime.”
The clock next to the mini-map showed that it was already 11:20 a.m. It was unusual since normally, he would never have overslept this long.
However, Carack’s gaze was quite strange.
“What? Is there something on my face?”
Carack scratched his chin at In-gong’s question and muttered,
"It is really amazing. How does a person know the time after just waking up?”
"I just know.”
There was no need to explain about the features of his mini-map. Just like a good subordinate, Carack just nodded and brought him a washbasin instead of asking more questions.
“The other people?”
In-gong asked as he wiped his hair with a dry towel. Carack removed the washbasin and replied,
"They are working outside. It is almost time for lunch, so shouldn’t Prince come out?”
"I will do that. I’ll take a look around.”
In-gong combed his hair, put on some outer garments and left the tent. There was a welcome face at the temple entrance.
"Your Highness.”
"Yes, Karma. Good afternoon.”
Once In-gong said good afternoon instead of good morning, Karma bit her lip like she was trying not to laugh. Somehow, her respect for In-gong had spread into a strange shape.
In-gong took a look around with Carack and Karma. Like Carack said, everyone was busy working.
The most important thing was to process the bodies.
Yesterday, this place was a battlefield. Their allies’ bodies were cleaned up last night, but there were still the bodies of the casios and drake ogres.
Usually they would be left for scavengers, but this case was different. Hundreds of bodies were next to the temple where a miracle had occurred, so they couldn’t be left alone.
The casios’ bodies were dismantled into leather, bones, teeth, etc. On the other hand, they didn’t know the identity of the drake ogres and how to dismantle them. Therefore, they were buried in the ground.
In-gong’s gaze turned to the other side. Behind the temple was a small forest of treants.
The treants were taking in the sun like yesterday’s movements were a lie. They seemed like ordinary trees.
'Still, it is noticeable.’
There was suddenly a forest in the grasslands.
After looking around properly, In-gong decided to visit Ferocious Eyes. It was to discuss various post-casios problems.
However, there was someone who was one step ahead of him. It was also in his head.
‘My master.’
“Green Wind! Is your body okay?”
In-gong looked up and asked. As expected, Green Wind’s shape didn’t appear but her voice was slightly clearer than before.
“It is okay. I’m sorry our conversation got cut short last night.’
Green Wind had lost consciousness last night and turned into wind instead of waking up again.
It didn’t matter since he could still feel Green Wind through Conquest, but it was comforting to hear her voice.
“It is fine. Do you remember what happened yesterday?”
‘I remember talking about Master’s power of Conquest. I don't know why, but... the remnants of Ainkel that remain inside me came to the forefront of my consciousness.’
"What about now?”
‘I can’t feel it now that it has subsided.’
There was regret in Green Wind’s voice. She seemed to miss Ainkel’s essence.
In-gong nodded thoughtfully.
‘It is pointless to ask any more about Conquest.’
It was clear that last night’s story about Conquest had evoked Ainkel’s voice, but it was unlikely that Ainkel would appear again from the same thing.
‘The king’s power... and the Conquest Knight.’
That, itself, was a harvest. Elder dragons were more likely to have special knowledge about Conquest and a Conquest Knight. If not, there would have been no reason for Ainkel to wake up.
‘I’ll have to really explore the library in the Demon King’s Palace.’
However, his merit level was still lacking to use the large library. He needed a little more time to investigate.
‘I shouldn’t be hasty.’
He needed to build up his merits and strength and he had to stop the Day of Massacre that Zephyr would cause.
The things he needed to do hadn’t changed.
In-gong settled his heart and looked at the air again. He heard Green Wind’s voice.
‘Master, I want to tell you a story. Can you come to the small temple?’
“I understand, I’ll do so.”
‘I’ll be waiting.’
Not only Green Wind’s voice but the wind circling In-gong disappeared. Feeling strange, In-gong looked back to see Karma’s eyes shining like lanterns.
"Your Highness, were you talking to Green Wind just now?”
She asked in an excited voice. In-gong responded with his hand slightly raised, as if he was calming her down.
"Uh, it happened so suddenly.”
“Oh, my god... Having a conversation so naturally at your age... It is great. Excuse me, but if Your Highness becomes a druid, you will surely be crowned with greatness.”
Respect was shining in her eyes. It was burdensome, so In-gong turned his gaze away, only to see Carack having a different type of look in his eyes.
"Thank goodness. I thought Prince had gone crazy all of a sudden.”
“I did.”
In-gong shrugged and Carack laughed. Karma’s eyes moved between them as she ate up their conversation.
“Anyway, I will be going back to the temple.”
Karma quickly raised her hand and asked In-gong,
"Can I go with Your Highness?”
She was excited because she wanted to meet Green Wind. In-gong shook his head with a sorry expression.
"I'm sorry, but Green Wind wants to discuss something with me.”
“I understand. Then I will protect the entrance of the temple.”
Karma was slightly disappointed, but she still gave a spirited answer. Carack, who was watching quietly, interrupted the conversation.
"Prince, then I will go to Ferocious Eyes to sort things out. This needs to be reported to the Demon King’s Palace.”
Carack had completed In-gong’s miscellaneous duties even when it was the Red Lightning tribe mission. In-gong gave a thumbs up to Carack, his all-rounder assistant.
“Yes, you are the best. I’ll give you a present once we return to the Demon King’s Palace.”
"I'm looking forward to it."
Carack laughed and went his own way. Karma stared after Carack with envy.
‘Is it due to the reward or does she want to go the Demon King’s Palace?’
It reminded him of the drunk Karma from last night.
'Well, I really am thinking of taking her.’
However, right now, the meeting with Green Wind was more urgent. In-gong delayed the interview with Karma and headed to the temple hastily.
"Master."
He left Karma at the entrance and entered the temple alone, then saw Green Wind sitting between the tree trunks. However, unlike yesterday, her body was transparent. She seemed like the wind spirit that Felicia had called.
"Uh, is it difficult?”
In-gong asked as he approached the tree trunk and Green Wind shook her head.
"It’s not like that. I am just saving my strength. After this conversation with Master, I will start working on replacing my parts.”
“Then I’m glad.”
In-gong sighed with relief and sat down on the bed. It was in order to converse with Green Wind.
Green Wind got in a comfortable position and said,
"Master, my conversation with Master yesterday was based on the premise that you are my temporary master. However, now I know that you are my permanent master. It is about something Master told me last night.”
"Uh... Collecting the powers of the six dragons?”
“That’s right. It was a story I didn’t get a chance to tell you yesterday.”
Green Wind rose from the tree trunk and reached into the air. Then a map of Enger Plains appeared before Green Wind.
“In the northernmost part of Enger Plains, there is a relic of Watcher Ainkel.”
A bunch of lights started to form around the map. The shape was clear, so In-gong recognized it instantly.
“A shield?”
“That’s right, it’s Watcher Ainkel’s Shield of Life. Just like Master’s Earth Quaker, it contains the power of an elder dragon."
It was a shield but the shield had fairly colourful corners. There was a large green gem in the middle of a rhombus shaped grey plate and pieces of ash-white metal bordering it.
Green Wind pushed the map and shield to one side and told In-gong,
"It is a story from more than a thousand years ago. Watcher Ainkle gave the Shield of Life to the bravest and most righteous warrior among the centaurs. The warrior led the centaurs to fight against their enemies and won many victories, but he wasn’t invincible. He was unharmed on the battlefield thanks to the Shield of Life, but he didn’t carry the shield to his bed. He was killed while sleeping by a woman who coveted his shield.”
He thought it was a warm story about a warrior, yet there was a surprising ending. Green Wind ignored In-gong’s confusion and continued,
“The Shield of Life is something that Ainkel had given to the brave warrior. Due to this, no one other than the warrior can use or move the Shield of Life.”
In-gong nodded. It was the same with Earth Quaker. The dwarves were unable to gain Enkidu’s permission and were forced to leave Earth Quaker behind in the dungeon.
The centaurs in this story weren’t much different.
"The warrior’s loyal subordinates eventually abandoned the Shield of Life and returned. The Shield of Life was buried in the warrior’s tomb in the north and over a thousand years have since passed. The Shield of Life became a legend and the centaurs attached the name of the brave warrior to the shield. White Eagle, that is the new name of the Shield of Life.”
Green Wind finished her story and looked back at In-gong.
"Master, was my story good? Then please praise me. I am ready to hear praise.”
Green Wind puffed up and smiled.
However, In-gong didn’t respond. His mouth gaped open and he shouted while jumping up.
“White Eagle!”
Of course, he knew it. It was obviously a name in his memory.
It was a fantasy that existed in Knight Saga. In Knight Saga, it was a top-notch shield that couldn’t be found despite In-gong challenging it many times.
'Yes, if it is in the northernmost area, then I wouldn’t have found it.’
In Knight Saga, not all the land located in the north could be explored. Beyond the north side of the Demon King’s dominated area, the demons lived in harsh environments. The reason why the casios headed south every year was because it was hard to live beyond the Northern Limit Line.
The Enger Plains were one of several areas in contact with the long stretch of the Northern Limit Line. The Northern Limit Line was virtually outside the Demon World, so it was a land that he couldn’t travel to when playing Knight Saga.
‘White Eagle - it is a relic of an elder dragon.’
It contained the power of an elder dragon, but he was given a clue about where to find it. Moreover, In-gong had Ainkel’s strength, so it was clear that he could obtain it.
As In-gong clenched his fist with joy, Green Wind pouted,
"I am in a bad mood again. I am upset.”
Then she kicked the ground and In-gong turned his attention back to Green Wind.
“Thank you for the great information. Do you know the location of the tomb?”
“I know it, but I don’t know the exact location. If I get closer, I will probably know.”
In-gong nodded thoughtfully.
"Will it take three or four days to restore your parts?”
“Yes, but if I review it again, I think I can finish it faster. The life magic was activated due to the protection magic. That part relies on me less.”
In other words, it would be easy to replace her.
"Okay, then please do so.”
"I understand. I will start working on it straight away.”
Green Wind said with somewhat slumped shoulders. At that moment, something flashed through In-gong’s head and he said quickly,
"Thank you, it was a really great story.”
“It is late, but my pain has been resolved.”
Her voice brightened. In-gong smiled involuntarily and said.
“Just let me know when it is done. I will compliment you again.”
"I will expect it."
Green Wind smiled brightly and disappeared into the wind.
Once alone, In-gong flopped down on his bed and started thinking.
‘I can use the task of punishing the casios as an excuse to go to the north.’
He didn’t think of reporting everything directly to the Demon King’s Palace. He had to hide the fact that he had conquered Green Wind.
‘The problem is who will be dispatched from the Demon King’s Palace.’
He couldn’t hide the defense magic of the small temple. It was highly likely that the Demon King’s Palace would dispatch an expert of harmful ruins.
‘There is a person from Knight Saga that I want to see.’
If they still had the same value,In-gong wanted them. Someone would come anyway, so it was better if that person was someone he knew information about.
'The merit is likely to be reported today... At the latest, a specialist from the Demon King’s Palace will arrive in a week to 10 days.’
It would take time to select and send the specialist. It might even be later than that.
‘Maybe I should leave without waiting.’
There would be no problem because he could use the subjugation of the remaining casios as an excuse.
In-gong finished his calculations and headed out of the temple. He wanted to talk to Carack.
However, after three days, In-gong was forced to modify his plan. It was because the expert from the Demon King’s Palace had arrived early. Moreover, the ruins expert was well known to In-gong.
&
“Felicia noona?”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 53 - Chapter 8: Excavation #2 
“Felicia noona?” 
"It has been a few days. It is nice to see you again.” 
It had only been five days since In-gong had left the Demon King’s Palace. 
Felicia and Delia, who entered the central room of the small temple where In-gong was staying, were as gorgeous as ever. 
In-gong slightly shrugged and said, 
"Noona, did the Demon King’s Palace dispatch you?”
“Yes, I volunteered.”
Felicia answered before sitting down on the bed. Delia stood quietly behind Felicia like a shadow. 
‘She planned this.’
He didn’t know about Felicia’s arrival until she came to the temple. This meant that Felicia had deliberately hidden her visit from him. 
'She doesn’t seem to have any bad intentions.’ 
Judging by her expression, it seemed she had wanted to surprise him as a joke. In-gong was familiar with Felicia, so he welcomed her appearance. 
However, a separate question still remained. 
“What about the Thunder Light Anvil?” 
Felicia had gone to the Jishuka Mountains to investigate the Thunder Light Anvil. She wouldn’t have gone back to the Demon King’s Palace if it hadn’t been for the court gathering. 
Felicia laughed at In-gong and crossed her legs.
"I wanted to go, but you ended up finishing it too early.”
They weren’t just words. Felicia’s eyes narrowed and she leaned her body forward. 
"It was barely two days. Two days... Do you know that Chris and Caitlin haven’t even left the Demon King’s Palace yet?” 
The casios subjugation mission was one that normally took at least 15 days. Sometimes, it took more than a month. They had to keep track of the randomly moving casios. 
Yet the work this time had finished early. It was no wonder that Felicia and Caitlin hadn’t left yet when word reached the Demon King’s Palace. 
‘Indeed, in Knight Saga, I normally stayed for at least a week after returning to the palace.’
It was unusual for In-gong to leave for a mission so early. 
In-gong nodded slowly as he was convinced by Felicia’s words. Felicia uncrossed her legs, got up and approached In-gong.
 "Shutra, right now, you are attracting a lot of attention.” 
Her voice wasn’t playful anymore. Rather, there was anxiety in her eyes.
"Honestly, the casios subjugation mission is a difficult task. It is an annual event, so there isn’t a high awareness of it in the Demon King’s Palace. However, two days... that period is too short.” 
The first mission was always eye-catching. Moreover, the casios mission was a tradition that had lasted for a long time. There were many who knew about the casios mission, so they had no choice but to be surprised about the two day period. 
"Moreover, the contents of the mission are too different from the usual. It has grabbed people’s attention.” 
Drake ogres had appeared among the casios. 
The casios had showed different movements from the usual. 
Strong protection magic had been activated on the Enger Plains. 
Just one of these was enough to attract attention and all of these were combined in a period of two days. 
The three things combined in a two day period wasn’t meaningless, but the important thing was the reaction of the people. 
"It is a shock after the court gathering, which was only a few days ago. Everyone was curious about you and now you’ve thrown them something else. You are a very fresh and interesting person.”
The details of which royal child was responsible for the mission and how they solved it wasn’t a secret. 
However, not everyone had access to these contents. The only person who knew In-gong’s merit level was Isabella who was in charge of the Merits Department.
However, the situation had changed. The moment the demon king called In-gong’s name, the world had changed. Many people knew of In-gong’s first mission after the court gathering and they were exposed to this surprising news. 
"So, why is Noona here?” 
Felicia was embarrassed at In-gong’s words and she turned her gaze to another place. Covering her face with a hand fan that she pulled out of nowhere, she said, 
"Well, the other people would try to spy on you or take a bite out of you.”
So, she had volunteered. It was to protect In-gong from any malice. 
In-gong was sincerely touched and sent Felicia a warm gaze. That made it harder for Felicia to look at him. She looked around with embarrassment and continued speaking, 
"That's not all. I am also interested in the magic of this temple that you have activated. There is also the purple light that wrapped around the casios... That's right, those are the reasons. That is why I volunteered.”
“Thank you.”
In-gong replied honestly and Felicia’s ears started turning red. She sat back down on the bed and started talking about something else. 
"Did the Tears of a Dark Elf help when you were fighting enemies?”
"Of course. It gave me a chance to win.”
It wasn’t just flattery but true words. The Tears of a Dark Elf had completely blocked Mustafa’s mental attack, creating a gap for him to call Carack. 
After In-gong finished talking, Felicia laughed with a very pleased expression. 
"Of course. It is one of the strengths of a dark elf. Look forward to seeing more of its strengths in the future.” 
It really seemed like that, so Felicia felt good after hearing In-gong’s words of gratitude. Felicia laughed and said, 
"Anyway, you obtained nice merits this time. As I said earlier, it is the usual casios subjugation mission but the contents are completely different. If the temple can be used the defend Enger Plains from now on, then the merit will become bigger. Isabella said that.”
Due to the nature of her job, Isabella maintained a fairly friendly relationship with the children of the demon king. In-gong suddenly had a question after remembering Isabella. 
"Are Chris hyung and Caitlin noona well?” 
"Chris is the same and Caitlin wanted to come along, but she had no justification for it. They told me to say hello for them.”
In-gong laughed at Felicia’s answer. This wasn’t because of the news of Chris and Caitlin. 
"You have become pretty close to both of them.”
As soon as he asked, the answer had popped out instantly. 
It was an atmosphere he couldn’t imagine having when he had first met them during the Red Lightning campaign. It seemed like Chris was still somewhat distant, but she had completely befriended Caitlin. 
Felicia blushed at In-gong’s words and stood up. 
"Anyway, both of them are ready to return to the land of the lycanthropes. They will probably leave the Demon King’s Palace tomorrow or the next day.”
In-gong nodded because he had already expected it. 
'It is unfortunate.’
It was likely that it would be several months before he could meet the two of them again. 
This regret was revealed on In-gong’s face and Felicia spoke in a bright voice like she was comforting In-gong.
“Perhaps we should end the private meeting so the people stop waiting?” 
Carack just blinked from where he was standing next to In-gong and Delia gave a faint smile. He knew that Felicia wasn’t referring to Carack. 
With the exception of some exceptional circumstances, they were an existence that were the hands of the royal children and kept their secrets. They talked with their most trusted counselors next to them. 
In-gong understood and looked at Carack. 
“Carack.”
“Understood.” 
Carack opened the firmly closed door and brought in the person who had been waiting outside. It was Ferocious Eyes. 
"6th Princess Felicia Doomblade, it has been a while.”
“Yes, it has been a while.”
The two of them had already met during a previous casios subjugation mission. In-gong was able to feel the joy that both Ferocious Eyes and Felicia felt.
‘It seems like he is close to everyone except Zephyr.’
As In-gong thought this, another person entered the room. In-gong’s eyes widened as he saw the new person. 
‘Daphne?’ 
The dryad Daphne, a child of one of the demon king’s concubines. 
She was a beautiful girl with green skin and blue hair that looked like an illustration in a book. 
Felicia introduced Daphne to In-gong. 
“Have you ever met? This is Daphne, daughter of the 5th concubine.” 
When looking at the status of the concubines, Felicia was ranked higher than the 5th consort. Daphne graciously introduced herself to In-gong. 
“It is great to see 9th Prince. I am Daphne, the daughter of the 5th concubine Echo.”
“Nice to meet you, I am Shutra.”
In-gong received her greeting. Fortunately, her reaction showed that she had almost no interaction with the previous Shutra. 
Felicia spoke again. 
"This work is also related to the guardian of Enger Plains. She is a very talented druid. She will be very helpful.”
'Yes, she is certainly a competent druid.’ 
Among the children of the concubines, she was one of the best three talents that he wanted to get his hands on. 
Daphne lifted her gaze gently and said, 
"9th Prince, I heard that you have met Green Wind of the Enger Plains.”
"Yes, I heard her voice. We fought together on the plains.” 
In fact, he had ended up conquering her after they met. 
Daphne jumped at In-gong’s reply. She took one step closer to In-gong and said,
"She has preserved the Enger Plains for more than a thousand years, but no one has seen her. Among the centaurs, isn’t it extremely rare to hear her voice?” 
Daphne was strangely excited while Ferocious Eyes nodded deeply. 
"Almost never. Green Wind’s voice hasn’t been heard in the past few decades?”
Yet In-gong had met Green Wind. It occurred one day after he had arrived at the Enger Plains, beating the record of the local centaurs and satyrs. 
"Great." 
"Yes, it is great.”
Felicia said with admiration and Ferocious Eyes agreed. Karma, who was standing in the corner, didn’t open her mouth but her eyes showed she also agreed. 
‘So, Master, treat me more carefully.’
Green Wind whispered in his ears. The others couldn’t hear her voice. 
In-gong pretended not to know and Felicia brought up a new topic.
"Then Shutra, what are you planning to do next? This mission ended too soon, so it isn’t a good idea to return to the Demon King’s Palace. In the case of this mission, there is room for an extension.” 
It was obvious what she was suggesting and In-gong nodded. 
"There are still remnants of the casios. Green Wind also wants to take care of them.” 
'Master, I never said that.’
Green Wind spoke again, but this time she could be heard by the others. Ferocious Eyes expressed his surprise. 
"Is that Green Wind?” 
"Yes, she is being considerate.”
At first, he had intended to use scouting the north as an excuse but he changed his mind in a few days. 
Obtaining White Eagle was still his top priority, but In-gong really felt the need to scout the north. 
As Felicia had said, there were many strange things about this work. Maybe something unusual truly was happening beyond the Northern Limit Line.
In-gong thought of Enger Plains and the centaurs living there. For them, it was necessary to investigate the cause of this situation. 
‘Of course, I also have to consider the merits.’
Moreover, In-gong had some doubts. The rampage of the casios and the participation of the drake ogres weren’t things that had happened in Knight Saga.
"Then I’ll go with you.” 
“Ferocious Eyes?” 
Ferocious Eyes looked around the room and then at In-gong. 
"This occurred on Enger Plains. 9th Prince has prevented the immediate crisis, but many people are concerned about the future. If I go to the north with 9th Prince, the tribes will feel comforted.” 
It was quite reasonable. Felicia laughed and agreed, 
"Okay, it has been decided. Then I will follow.”
"6th Princess?” 
Felicia winked at Ferocious Eyes’ question and spoke to In-gong, 
“Didn’t I tell you? One of the reasons why I am here is to investigate the violent casios. Wouldn’t it be better to investigate the living casios instead of the dead ones?" 
That was also reasonable. It was what he had expected since Felicia appeared. So, In-gong had used the excuse of Green Wind. It would strengthen the reasoning behind the scouting mission. 
“Then I will also join you.”
Daphne carefully looked at both Felicia and In-gong. Then In-gong made a decision, 
“Please do so.”
Daphne smiled happily. 
“Thank you. I will do my best to help Prince and Princess.”
'Yes, I will use this opportunity to become friendly.’
In-gong became resolved again and looked at Felicia. She shrugged and said,
"We are both royal children but you are the representative. Look after me this time.” 
"Please take care of me as well.”
Ferocious Eyes shook slightly and asked, 
"9th Prince, when will we start?” 
"There is no reason to lose our sleep. I recommend that we start tomorrow morning.” 
Due to the nature of the scouting, he didn’t intend to go with many troops. Ferocious Eyes nodded. 
"I understand. I will start preparing and carefully select the most outstanding warriors.”
"Then today, I will check the temple with Daphne.” 
The last one to speak was Felicia. Each person’s work was neatly decided.
The centaurs heard the news after the meeting ended. They were satisfied that In-gong was going with their chief and the satyrs appreciated the fact that the 6th Princess came here after the 9th Prince. It was proof that the Demon King’s Palace thought about the Enger Plains. 
On the day of departure... 
There was one person who didn’t look excited at the thought of the new journey. 
"Carack, what is it?” 
In-gong asked Carack in a small voice as he had Ferocious Eyes and 20 centaurs behind him.
 Carack moaned and said, "I feel like something is going to happen... No, it is probably nothing. Let’s depart.” 
Carack closed his mouth and looked straight ahead. And exactly three days later, in the afternoon, Carack’s words became a reality.
&
“This-! Why did you have to say that?”
 “You are the one who asked!”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 54 - Chapter 8: Excavation #3
"This-! Why did you have to say that?”
“You are the one who asked!”
In-gong screamed at Carack after seeing the mini-map. There weren’t just one or two red dots. There were more than 30 dots coming from different directions.
Almost all of them were casios. There were some drake ogres mixed in but not many.
'Remnants of the enemy forces?’
In-gong raised his head and looked around quickly. His companions, who had been setting up a camp, hurriedly pulled out their weapons as the casios and drake ogres came running.
It was an unreasonable guess since the monsters didn’t have any identification marks, but In-gong felt like they weren’t the ones who had fought at the same temple. It was because they were running like crazy with a purple aura surrounding them.
“Don’t panic! Get ready for battle!”
Ferocious Eyes cried out fiercely. The centaurs held spears instead of bows and Delia blew a whistle to gather the dracos.
For the past three days, In-gong’s party had never been attacked by an enemy. They had just found the corpses of the casios and drake ogres occasionally.
In-gong finished organizing his thoughts. Now wasn’t the time to think leisurely. Like Ferocious Eyes said, it was time to prepare for battle.
Carack threw down the pile of firewood and picked up his dwarf axe. In-gong quickly opened his inventory and equipped Earth Quaker.
‘Dragon Blood!’
A reaction came as soon as he opened the power of a dragon humanoid. Earth Quaker cried angrily as it emitted a red and yellow light and In-gong’s white aura grew like oil had been added to fire.
However, that wasn’t all. In-gong raised Earth Quaker and gave a loud shout,
“Green Wind! Magic!”
He called upon the support magic that Green Wind had used in the battle against Mustafa!
However, unlike his expectations, nothing happened. In-gong looked urgently toward his waist. Green Wind had a temporary home in a small piece of wood, so her voice was heard from it.
'Master, it is impossible. I don’t have the strength right now!’
In-gong understood immediately. Green Wind had spent most of her power making a substitute of herself. He hadn’t thought she would be so weak that she couldn’t use her secondary magic, but now wasn’t the time to think about such things.
'I will do it myself!’
[Battlefield Protection Lv1]
[Grassland Reclamation Lv1]
It was the secondary magic that Green Wind had used in the battle over the small temple. It was level one, so it wasn’t as powerful as before, but it was better than nothing.
A green wind wound around In-gong’s limbs and his body felt lighter. At that moment, Green Wind exploded,
‘H-how? Master, how can you use my magic?’
Instead of replying, In-gong gave Protection of the Wind and Grassland Reclamation to Carack. Green Wind’s devastated voice was still buzzing at In-gong’s ears.
'T-this is my presence...!’
The image of Green Wind in his head flopped down weakly, but he couldn’t afford to worry about it right now. The centaurs at the edge were on the verge of collapsing under the casios.
In-gong raised a dwarf dagger with his left hand in order to use Below the King’s Flag. However, before he could do so, screams rang from before him.
"Kyaaack!”
There were four women in the group and In-gong’s gaze headed toward Delia who was riding a draco.
In-gong rushed out hastily after hearing the screams while Daphne screamed as huge monsters dived down from the sky.
Many things flashed through his head instantly.
The monsters, geist - a flying humanoid monster with the wings of a bat instead of two arms, were a vampire species that sucked the blood of their prey.
It went without saying that their goal was Daphne. A geist grabbed at Daphne with sharp legs.
In-gong immediately activated Aura. Explosive running speed unique to Beast Authority was triggered and In-gong moved in between Daphne and the geist, swinging his fist without any particular aim.
‘Explosive Power!’
In-gong fist struck the upper body of a geist. He had used the skill urgently but the strength was enough.
The body of the geist, that had been floating in the air, flew out a few meters and slammed into the ground. In-gong also lost his balance and fell to the ground, but it was only for a moment. In-gong’s body recovered quickly and he rushed toward the geist. The geist was a man with a huge body, over two meters tall, but his body was light because he was a flying person.
In-gong had to finish it in one blow. A geist’s most powerful close combat weapon was his large wings and sharp claws at the tips of his wings. The two wings were made of a special leather that was excellent in defense. Additionally, the battle could drag on for a long time if the geist flew up.
In-gong struck the geist’s chest once again. In-gong’s explosive power rushed out and cracked the geist’s ribs; Earth Quaker was breaking his body. Blood spilled out as his chest literally caved in and he died.
In-gong breathed roughly. His aura was exhausted due to the explosive, but he could still afford to use it due to Dragon Blood.
“Kiaack!”
It was Daphne, not the geist. Daphne was shaking on the ground while Carack was standing in front of her. Thanks to In-gong’s spell, Carack was surrounded by wind as he swung his axe at the geist rushing toward Daphne.
"Prince!”
“Fire Arrow!”
In-gong heard Carack’s call and instantly cast a spell. A fire arrow extended from In-gong’s left hand and flew straight at the head of a geist. The person blocked the fire arrow hastily with his wings.
The fire arrow exploded against the wings, but it was only a level one magic. So, there was only smoke and soot.
However, In-gong’s intention from the beginning had been to seal the man’s movements. Carack’s weapon was a large battle axe and not a fist, like In-gong’s. It wasn’t long before it hit the wings.
Carack swung the axe like a cleanup hitter and smashed the geist. The geist screamed and fell onto the ground. Carack stepped forward and took the geist’s head off with his axe, just like he was splitting firewood.
"Kuraha!”
Carack raised his head and gave a battle cry. It wasn’t a boast but to warn against any other flying geists.
After confirming that there weren’t any more geists, Carack turned and approached Daphne who was panting on the ground.
"Young lady, are you okay? Can you stand?"
Carack asked impolitely without honorifics but in a kind manner. He stretched out a hand toward Daphne.
Daphne stared blankly before nodding slowly.
“I-I’m okay. I can stand.”
Daphne swallowed her saliva and grabbed Carack’s hands. Carack then pulled Daphne up at once. Instead of intervening in the battles occurring elsewhere, it seemed like he was devoted to defending Daphne.
Daphne gazed at Carack’s trustworthy back and started to chant a spell. She used a druid magic unique to dryads.
When In-gong saw this, he went into a strange mood.
'What is this? There is a strange sense of deprivation.’
In-gong had tried to save Daphne and it was In-gong who had prevented the first attack.
Yet, what was that gaze? Shouldn’t she be gazing like that toward In-gong?
‘Perhaps, she doesn’t like younger people?’
Or was it the shaky leg effect?
However, the important thing right now was Daphne’s inexperience in battle. The Daphne that In-gong had known in Knight Saga wouldn’t have frozen up like this before an enemy.
The gap in time between Year 512 and Year 513, which was the start of Knight Saga, seemed to be bigger than expected.
‘Master, it isn’t the time to be thinking! The battle hasn’t ended yet!’
Green Wind’s voice woke In-gong up and he looked around. Ferocious Eyes had a blue aura around him as he dealt with the drake ogres and casios while the centaurs were fighting fiercely.
Just like the battle against the Red Lightning tribe, Felicia didn’t attack directly but restricted the enemy’s movements with various spells. The casios slipped on the grass while the drake ogres sank deep into the ground.
In-gong decided to support Ferocious Eyes. Delia was next to Felicia, so Felicia would be fine.
“Carack! Watch Daphne!”
“Understood! I will protect her!”
While Daphne stared excitedly at Carack’s back, In-gong rushed into the crowd of casios. Green Wind whispered into In-gong’s ears.
‘Master, I will strive to be helpful even without my power.’
It seemed to be an extension of what happened earlier. She didn’t want to hear ‘Yes, you are useless!’ There was slight depression in her voice but In-gong dismissed it. It was because the group of casios was right in front of him.
The number of casios, drake ogres and geist was nearly double that of In-gong’s party, but it was an almost one-sided battle due to Felicia and the overwhelming combat power of Ferocious Eyes.
Once the fighting ended, the casios were literally wiped out. On the other hand, there were no deaths in In-gong’s party.
After confirming that the last casios had fallen under the hands of an elite centaur spearman, In-gong took a deep breath. The battle time itself was short, but he had a lot of fatigue because he had to focus on the battle.
Dragon Blood ended and Earth Quaker was returned to his inventory. Then he belatedly recalled Green Wind’s words.
"Thank you, that was great help. You were very helpful.”
‘Thank you for telling me that. Although you are a bit harsh, Master is a good master.’
In-gong laughed after hearing her voice mixed with relief, resentment and gratitude. She had lived alone for many years, so she seemed to have a lot of pride.
After finishing talking to Green Wind, In-gong headed towards Daphne and Carack.
"Daphne, are you okay?"
Daphne responded quickly to In-gong’s question.
“I’m okay. Thank you for saving me.”
Her movements and voice were stiff, so it seemed like the effects of the battle were still with her.
“I’m glad that you are okay. Can you help with the treatment of the injured?”
“I understand.”
Daphne ran instantly towards the centaurs. Although there weren’t any casualties, there were some injuries that could cause death or loss of limbs if not treated.
As Daphne left, Carack spoke to In-gong,
"I didn’t know that this was her first encounter.”
“Huh?”
"That young lady said it. She was in shock throughout the battle."
Daphne was 16 years old. The children of the demon king usually performed missions from their early teens, but the children of the concubines were different. If they didn’t volunteer, they didn’t need to participate in any combat missions.
In-gong watched Daphne as she used recovery magic on the centaurs. Certainly, signs of shock could still be seen.
"Your eyes are good.”
"You must have noticed quicker.”
Carack smiled and looked In-gong up and down. It seemed like he was looking for any signs of injuries. Then a voice was heard from behind In-gong and Carack.
"Shutra, should I be jealous that you protected Daphne?”
The owner of the voice was Felicia. In-gong shrugged and replied,
"Delia was next to Noona.”
Both Delia and Felicia laughed. Felicia moved closer to In-gong and said,
"Your strength was great. Did you become stronger?”
“Thank you.”
During the three days traveling together, In-gong had told Felicia about Earth Quaker. There was a high possibility of a combat situation in the north. Therefore, he couldn’t avoid using Earth Quaker as that would cause a sharp decline in his combat strength.
In-gong had thought of some excuses, including that it was a relic of the 5th Queen. However, in the end, he told her honestly that it was a weapon he had found in the same dungeon as the Thunder Light Anvil. He omitted that it contained Enkidu’s strength but it was still the truth.
At first, Felicia seemed somewhat upset but that disappeared when In-gong apologized sincerely.
In fact, what he had done was quite common among the children of the Demon King.
As a specialist in ruins exploration, Felicia had gone to many sites and secretly taken many relics. She couldn’t persecute In-gong for something she had done as well.
Felicia was more upset that In-gong had hidden this fact, that he had acquired Earth Quaker, from her.
There were factions among the royal children and subtle alliances between the different factions. Of course, it wasn’t really important but information was often hidden.
Felicia didn’t want to be in that type of bad relationship with In-gong and it was the same for In-gong as well.
‘I am glad that it turned out well.’
He was determined to form a close relationship with Felicia.
While Felicia and In-gong were exchanging regards, Delia and Carack were speaking to each other. Ferocious Eyes neared the four people.
“9th Prince, 6th Princess, once the wounded soldiers are treated, we should move.”
It definitely wasn’t good to stay in one place after being attacked.
"Yes, let’s do that. I will leave this place to Chief.”
Ferocious Eyes’ gaze moved from Felicia to In-gong. In-gong nodded and Ferocious Eyes ordered the centaurs to leave.
After 30 minutes of traveling, the group set up camp next to some collapsed stone walls.
Naturally, In-gong and Felicia were next to Ferocious Eyes. Felicia spoke first.
"Those guys, they were covered in a purple aura?”
"Does Noona know what it is?”
Felicia folded her arms at In-gong’s question and replied,
"I can’t say outright but... It was a really ominous aura. It felt like I was facing a curse magic.”
“Curse?”
"Yes, a curse. Thanks to the purple energy, they became stronger, but their health was being exhausted. It is like raising strength by reducing life expectancy. Their emotions were also mentally neutered... It can only be seen as a curse.”
Felicia was a competent magician, but she couldn’t figure out anything else.
In-gong looked at Ferocious Eyes.
"Ferocious Eyes, it seems like the ones who fought at the temple aren’t the only ones.”
"I thought so as well. The geist are monsters that are hard to find on the Enger Plains.”
There were more monsters apart from the ones who attacked the small temple. Perhaps, there were also more monsters, like Mustafa, who could use the purple energy.
Ferocious Eyes closed his eyes and said in a heavy voice,
"Maybe there will be a second attack.”
Usually, the casios would come all at once, but everything was different this time.
In-gong recalled the group of casios he had met on the first day he arrived at Enger Plains.
The appearance might have been a strategic move for the centaurs to head in the wrong north-west direction, instead of going to the north-east where the small temple was.
If so, such an action wouldn’t have been directed by Mustafa. There was a bigger pattern behind Mustafa.
‘And there is one more thing.’
How did they figure out the true value of the small temple? The centaurs, who lived on Enger Plains with Green Wind as their guardian, hadn’t known about it.
In-gong had many questions. Felicia pressed a hand against her temples like her head hurt and spoke to Ferocious Eyes.
"It is worth going a bit further north, but what about defense?”
"I will send a few people back. The warriors of the other tribes haven’t been dismissed yet.”
After the casios were blocked, the tribes were going to scatter back to where they lived. However, now wasn’t the time for that.
"Go to the north. We should go at least to the Northern Limit Line. Something will be there. Right now, we need information.”
Felicia said and In-gong nodded. They had no intention of running away.
In-gong had to find White Eagle in the north and obtain information. Raising his head, In-gong looked towards the north.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 55 - Chapter 8: Excavation #4
The Enger Plains were very wide. Even the centaurs, who were very fast, needed a considerable amount of time to get from one end to the other end of Enger Plains.   
Travelling from the south to the north, the elevation increased as they headed north. By the time they got to the Northern Limit Line, the place that the centaurs considered the end of Enger Plains, there was a high altitude comparable to a mountain.
The surrounding terrain also contained rocky slopes, wastelands and hills. It was because Ainkel’s magic power weakened the further away it was from the small temple. 
After five centaurs returned to the south, In-gong’s group encountered more casios and geists as they moved further. He wasn’t sure about what type of surprises there would be, but he was certain that they shouldn’t spend that much time in the north. 
They traveled a further two days towards the north. In-gong’s group reached the point that the centaurs thought was the end of Enger Plains. 
"The Northern Limit Line is a little further ahead, but we call this place the end of Enger Plains.”
Ferocious Eyes said as he held his spear and gazed back and forth. He seemed to be drawing an invisible line. 
Felicia explained further for everyone, 
“The centaurs moved from season to season and the northernmost settlement is here.” 
The centaurs had a nomadic life and used the entire Enger Plains as their home. The environment got worse the further north it was. However, if the season was right, it was a good place to live.
Despite being the first time they came here, In-gong and Carack just nodded. However, Daphne showed a different reaction. After listening to Ferocious Eyes’ and Felicia’s words, she spoke with an uneasy voice. 
"The strength gets stronger the closer we get to the north. I can feel the fear of the spirits.” 
Even In-gong shivered from the chills. 
Daphne gazed at Felicia with anxious eyes. Daphne’s condition worsened the closer she got to the Northern Limit Line. She was more sensitive than In-gong or Felicia  to the atmosphere of the north because she was a dryad. 
Green Wind whispered in In-gong’s ears, 
‘Master, I can feel an ominous energy from the north. If the energy felt from the drake ogres and casios was a firefly, the energy from the north is like moonlight. The reason for the purple energy is probably there.’
In fact, that was the purpose of his party. Moreover, it wasn’t just that. 
‘The tomb of White Eagle is in the vicinity. I can feel it. I can only tell the direction right now, but it is obvious that it is located before the Northern Limit Line.’
White Eagle was also nearby. They reached the de facto end of the Enger Plains, but they had to go a little further north. 
Carack, who was unable to hear Green Wind’s voice, turned around and asked, 
"What do you want to do? We haven’t found anything special for two or three days. Should we keep going?” 
Delia used to frown at Carack’s rudeness, but she was used to it now and just waited for Felicia’s reply.  Felicia turned away from the north and said,
"It is dangerous, but... is it okay to go back without confirming after feeling something so blatantly ominous?” 
If they were going to return, what was the point of coming here in the first place? 
Ferocious Eyes lifted a spear and pointed to the northwest. 
"If we go that way, there is a watchtower built by my ancestors. It is somewhat collapsed, but it was originally made to watch the Northern Limit Line. If we don’t get a clue when we go there, then we will return.”
'Master, that is almost the same direction as White Eagle.’
Green Wind added. 
White Eagle had been used by a brave centaur warrior who fought at the Northern Limit Line. It was natural for his grave to be near the watchtower. 
“What is the distance?” 
Ferocious Eyes visualized it in his head and replied to In-gong’s question, 
"If we move at the current speed, we will arrive in an hour.”
It was early afternoon, so that distance was sufficient to visit. 
"I will follow your judgement. Like I said before, you are the leader of this operation on Enger Plains.”
Felicia told In-gong. She didn’t want the burden, so she looked elsewhere. In-gong nodded. 
"Okay, let’s go there.”
"I understand. I will take the lead.”
Ferocious Eyes and the centaurs started to move at the same time. In particular, Karma moved next to Ferocious Eyes since her role was a guide. In-gong turned the draco towards that direction when he suddenly asked Carack, 
“What is it?”
He had a strange look on his face. It was similar to his expression on the first day that they departed. 
Carack faced In-gong and shook his head. 
“I won’t say it.”
However, In-gong already knew the answer just by his expression. In-gong sighed before smiling. In-gong also felt an ominous feeling, but it was time to move. 
"Let's go, Maybah.” 
The draco immediately responded when In-gong called his name and he started running lightly after the centaurs.
&
"That is the watch tower. 
Just as Ferocious Eyes said, they ran for an hour and saw a watch tower in the middle of steep mountains that stretched out like a folding screen. The outer wall was severely damaged and one side was completely stuck to the stone mountain. In the first place, it seemed to be a building made for the mountain. 
"Let's go up.” 
Fortunately, the stairs were wide enough for the centaurs and dracos to climb up. Ferocious Eyes went up first to check the dangers and everyone else followed. 
The watch tower was bigger than expected and the height of the top floor was at least 10 meters. 
In-gong swallowed as he moved closer to an outer wall. A cold, dry wind blew against his cheeks. 
With the instincts of a creature, he looked at one specific point. Not only In-gong but everyone close to the outer wall was watching a single place. 
There was something in a spot hundreds of meters away. It was a huge purple flame, and the various monsters around it were engulfed in a small purple aura. There seemed to be more than 200 creatures.
Green Wind had said that the flame was the source of her ominous feeling. 
He heard a low scream the moment his intuition felt something. It was from Daphne. 
“Young lady, are you okay?” 
Carack rushed to ask Daphne, but she shook her head and didn’t answer. Felicia watched Daphne and said, 
"I can feel the ominous aura directly. As I said before, this child is sensitive to it as a half-spirit.”
In-gong retreated from the outer walls with the centaurs and they gazed at each other. 
Daphne seemed to regain stability from Felicia’s words and said to In-gong, 
“An undead. It is also an advanced one. At the very least, it should be a lich.”
Two types of undead existed in the Demon World. One was an undead that was naturally caused by the flow of magic through the Demon World. The other type was undead created by necromancy. 
The naturally occurring undead were usually low grade ones, such as skeletons or zombies, but sometimes an object could create a powerful undead that surpassed that.
"It must be the culprit in this situation. There is an undead that’s this intelligent, so I have to go back and prepare. We need to inform the Demon King’s Palace about this situation.”
That was the original plan. However, just when he finished speaking, Felicia suddenly looked back in the direction that In-gong had climbed up from. 
“Felicia noona?” 
"I can hear a sound from behind us.”
Felicia’s ears pricked up. Her dark elf hearing was the best among the party. 
The centaurs, including Ferocious Eyes, listened intently to the sound. It sounded like the ground was ringing. 
Instead of waiting, In-gong asked Green Wind, 
"Green Wind, can you share your gaze?” 
When Green WInd brought In-gong to the temple, she showed her viewpoint. Green Wind had directly conveyed what she saw to In-gong.
‘I’ll try.’
"Go up to the sky!” 
At In-gong’s order, a green light sailed into the air. Green Wind looked at the south and in the next moment, In-gong swallowed a moan. 
The mini-map was filled with red dots. Thanks to the shared view of Green Wind, red dots endlessly appeared inside the extended range. 
“Shutra?” 
"We’re surrounded.”
In-gong cried out after coming to a realization. From the beginning, it had all been a trap. A large number of monsters, including casios, had been hidden from In-gong’s party throughout the north. 
It was clear that the undead had been waiting for the moment to surround In-gong’s party. 
The undead could also share its gaze. This was a means of receiving information in real time from distant subordinates. 
Otherwise, the elaborate movements In-gong was currently seeing wouldn’t be possible. 
“Escape! Enemies are flocking from everywhere!”
There were no questions asked. Carack picked up Daphne, who couldn’t stand properly, and got on the draco. Felicia and Ferocious Eyes both looked at In-gong. In-gong nodded straight away. 
"I'll lead the way! Run!” 
In-gong looked simultaneously at the mini-map as well as what was in front of him. The siege was still forming. If they poked a gap, they could open a path to escape. 
‘Master! Look at the sky!’ 
Green Wind shouted when he first started running. In-gong looked up hurriedly at the sky. 
“Kieeek!” 
Five geists were gliding toward him. Ferocious Eyes quickly pulled out a bow and shot at them. An arrow pierced the neck of one while Felicia caused a sharp wind to divert the path of another one. However, there were still three remaining. The centaurs rushed to take out a spear or bow, but they weren’t as fast as Ferocious Eyes. Two centaurs were unable to escape the attacks of the geists and fell to the ground.
“Just go!” 
There was no room to save them. Ferocious Eyes shouted as he fired an arrow at a geist attacking a centaur on the ground. Like Ferocious Eyes said, there was no time to delay. 
"Stick together!” 
In-gong screamed loudly as he stabbed his dagger into the air. The power of Conquest rose like a storm. 
“Below the King’s Flag!” 
A pure white light emerged from In-gong and wound around his companions. The legs of the dracos and centaurs were filled with an unhealthy power as In-gong’s party ran at a faster pace than usual. 
“Daphne!”
Felicia called out to Daphne. It was to ask for her dryad magic to help escape, but Daphne wasn’t in a position to respond properly. She shook her head with a pale expression and trembling lips. 
‘Master! That person! He is coming!’
There was no need to think. There was only one reason for Daphne’s condition to deteriorate. 
At the same time, a cold chill was felt from behind them. One of the centaurs couldn’t resist the anxiety and turned around, only to let out a moan. 
A huge undead with a purple aura around him was traveling through the air on a phantom steed. The head of the skeleton was covered with a large plate made of the bones of various monsters. The armour around his body was made of bones and his hands held a black sword. He was a monster that could be seen as both a warrior and magician. 
At first glance, he was a huge five-meter-tall skeleton knight on a phantom steed. The man wearing black armour blew a horn, making bizarre noises fill the air. 
He was still quite a distance away, but it seemed like he would catch up after a little while. 
In-gong looked at the mini-map. The red dots didn’t show a completely unified movement, so the control wasn’t complete. They weren’t moving following the path of In-gong’s group but were moving as commanded. 
‘Find the weakest spot.’ 
The moment that In-gong thought so... 
“Kuraha!”
Carack shouted towards the sky. The geists were once again flocking in droves. Ferocious Eyes and the centaurs shot a series of arrows, causing many of them to fall. However, that didn’t slow them down. Furthermore, the surviving casios were blindly rushing at the party. A few centaurs were trapped by them. 
The encirclement was narrowing. Every time the party had to take care of the geists, they slowed down while the huge undead was still behind them. 
Finally, they could see the monsters surrounding them with the naked eye. In addition to the group of casios that were surrounded by a purple aura, there were monsters like zombies and skeletons. 
Would they be able to escape? It was possible if they broke through this siege! 
Kwaang! 
There was a roar and the formation of In-gong’s party collapsed. The huge undead had reached within 20 meters of the party and cast a spell. A huge blaze of fire poured from the sky and the explosion swallowed up a few centaurs.
The giant undead fired another ball of fire. This time, he aimed toward the front of In-gong’s party and the dracos stopped with surprise. The draco carrying Carack and Daphne fell to the ground. The centaurs weren’t killed but most of them weren’t able to run. 
A decision was needed. In-gong and Felicia exchanged glances. With no more words needing to be said, Felicia summoned the fire and wind spirits in both hands. A barrier made of giant flames was created in front of them. The wind spirit adjusted the size of the fire wall and the direction it spread. 
It was a barrier that prevented them from retreating but also stopped the monsters surrounding them. In-gong jumped down from the draco and equipped Earth Quaker. 
‘Master! Do you mean to fight? 
After Mustafa was destroyed, the monsters who lost the purple aura were mentally confused and their combat power deteriorated. Then there was only one way to survive the huge encirclement: 
Defeat the giant undead. If he was killed, that purple aura would disappear and the encirclement would collapse. 
‘Dragon Blood.’
The power of the dragon humanoid. Earth Quaker growled and entered its battle form as a white aura rose from In-gong’s body like flames.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 56 - Chapter 8: Excavation #5
Carack knew his role. He lifted his battle axe while Karma swallowed her saliva and glared at the undead skeleton knight in the sky. 
Daphne was still shaking, but she was moving her mouth endlessly, pouring all her strength into a spell.
The dryad’s blessing covered the entire party, including Below the King’s Flag. 
[Activation Lv1 has been learnt.] 
Although In-gong hadn’t activated the magic, he sensed that the spell Daphne used was at a much higher level. It was like receiving Heal when Felicia had used Massive Heal. The magic being used was an evolved form for the Activation skill. 
'Spirit Enlightenment!’ 
It was a buff skill that raised all the stats using the power of the most suitable spirit. In-gong felt the spirit of life and spirit of wind enter him. In Knight Saga, only one spirit could nestle in a body at the same time. However, thanks to Protagonist Body, the powers of two different spirits could rest in In-gong’s body. 
The power of his body rose. It was the same for Ferocious Eyes, Carack, Felicia and the others. 
As Carack was filled with strength, he grabbed the battle axe and stood in front of Daphne. Ferocious Eyes held a spear instead of a bow and activated his blue aura while the centaurs called out Green Wind’s name. 
The giant undead, Balkarova, looked down at In-gong’s party and smiled. He had the face of a skeleton, but his emotions were displayed vividly. As he looked down on his prey, it was arrogance that was shown.
Balkarova jumped down from his ride and hit the ground. Thanks to the huge weight, the shaking of the ground was loud as the skeleton knight stood up. 
In-gong could clearly see the height difference now that they were on even footing. Moreover, the purple energy around his body was much stronger than Mustafa. In-gong felt like he would be cut just facing him. 
However, he had to fight. It felt like just yesterday that he had been fighting orcs, but now, he had to face this monster. 
‘Indeed, a protagonist.’
In-gong didn’t hesitate to think nonsense in order to get rid of this excessive tension. Following Dragon Blood and Activation, the magic of Green Wind was added and he used Below the King’s Flag once again. 
The flag of white light floated behind In-gong and a white light surrounded all the people in the vicinity. Daphne’s complexion became better and the centaurs, who had been barely able to face Balkarova, gained some bravery. 
Using Below the King’s Flag twice exhausted him mentally but In-gong endured it. Now, there was only one thing left.
"Grassland warriors! Go!” 
Ferocious Eyes shouted angrily and charged toward Balkarova. The centaurs ran toward the skeleton while Karma retreated to the rear with Daphne. Carack looked toward Felicia and Delia nodded from beside her. 
"Karaha!" 
Carack gave a war cry and joined Ferocious Eyes. Balkarova moved between the two of them while wielding his sword. The purple aura formed into dozens of sharp blades and stabbed at the two of them. 
"Ohhh!” 
The blue aura around Ferocious Eyes broke the purple energy. Carack, who had escaped behind Ferocious Eyes, quickly rushed toward Balkarova after the purple aura was broken. Meanwhile, In-gong sprang up from the floor. 
Carack struck Balkarova’s leg with his axe, but the bones were so hard that, while holding the axe, Carack’s arms shook terribly. Moreover, the purple aura rose like it was going to swallow Carack. 
At that moment, In-gong caught Balkarova’s eye. Balkarova’s eyes blazed and the violet aura chased In-gong, not Carack.
A ball of fire flew from Balkarova’s left arm. In-gong rolled on the ground to avoid the flames while Ferocious Eyes aimed at Balkarova. 
“Kuoooh!” 
The blue aura was concentrated on the end of Ferocious Eyes’ spear. Immediately after shooting the ball of flames, Balkarova turned his head toward Ferocious Eyes and opened his mouth. 
It was a type of breath attack. A purple pillar poured out from Balkarova and hit Ferocious Eyes. 
Kwaaaang! 
Ferocious Eyes was pushed away, but he wasn’t hit directly by the violet pillar. It was thanks to the light pillar’s power being alleviated by the quickly swinging spear. 
Karma sighed with relief as she watched, but it was too early. Ferocious Eyes avoided a direct hit but couldn’t prevent the additional effects of the violet pillars. 
A wicked curse covered Ferocious Eyes’ body. Below the King’s Flag reduced the power of the curse greatly, but it did not eliminate it completely. The remaining bits of the violet pillars ate at Ferocious Eyes’ flesh and health. 
Ferocious Eyes further resisted the curse by activating his aura. Carack shifted Balkarova’s gaze back to him by wielding his axe while In-gong attacked from behind him.
However, Balkarova swung his black sword at Carack. Carack ducked down to avoid the attack and struck Balkarova’s leg. Once again, he wasn’t able to do any damage but it was enough to break Balkarova’s balance. 
Balkarova staggered for a moment. It was a movement that In-gong, who was behind Carack, cared about. 
In-gong observed Balkarova. He turned his body to avoid five fireballs and activated Beast Authority on his left hand. As flames poured down, he evaded all five of them and aimed the explosive power at Balkarova’s feet. 
Kwaang! 
There was a loud roar and a part of Balkarova’s leg was broken. Balkarova staggered and Carack poured all the power of the earth spirit inside him into his axe. It wasn’t as good as the elves, but the orcs had a high affinity for spirits. Carack struck Balkarova’s other leg. 
"Kuaaaak!"
Balkarova screamed and stumbled again. He burned the purple aura and Carack and In-gong moved urgently to avoid it. The grass, where they had been standing died, in an instant and the land itself turned completely black. 
Balkarova gathered the energy and fired it from his mouth. If the first one was a pillar of light, then this time, it was a wave. Balkarova’s first target was Carack. 
“Carack!” 
Just before the purple aura swept through Carack, In-gong called his name and Carack appeared in front of In-gong. Call was a skill that could only be used once every three days, but now wasn’t the time to save it. 
In-gong and Carack were then forced to split apart. Not only did the land, that was swept by the wave of light, turn black, poison had also started to rise from it. 
The centaurs, who were fighting the creatures near the area of the purple energy, had their bodies melted down. It was horrible enough to be called a poison rather than a curse. 
He finished spewing out the light wave and raised his sword toward In-gong. Receiving Balkarova’s gaze, In-gong gathered his white aura on Earth Quaker.
It drew the focus of Balkarova’s eyes and he didn’t look anywhere else. He was only concerned with In-gong. 
At that moment! 
As Balkarova rushed forward, wielding his sword, Felicia finally used a spell. After casting the flame barrier, she had spent all that time preparing this. 
Felicia was a magician who was unsuitable for direct combat, but that didn’t mean she couldn’t use any attack spells at all. 
"Triple Blast!” 
It was a powerful synergy attack that combined three properties. 
A dazzling blue, red and yellow light emerged in a magic circle from Felicia’s stretched out hand. It swirled and headed toward Balkarova. 
‘That’s right.’ 
The moment that In-gong thought so... 
Balkarova’s body suddenly disappeared. Triple Blast penetrated through the air as In-gong looked back hurriedly. Delia, who was next to Felicia, screamed.
"Blink!" 
It was a close range space jump magic! 
Balkarova had never lost sight of Felicia. He was able to share the gaze of every monster that was surrounded by the purple aura. While Felicia had been preparing her magic, he also prepared Blink. He then activated it the moment Felicia unleashed her spell. He moved 10 meters from his original position and opened his mouth toward the defenseless Felicia. A purple pillar of light stretched out toward her! 
Kwaaaaaang! 
Once again, there was a deafening sound. The purple light scattered into many pieces as Felicia and Delia stared helplessly at a person in front of them. 
“Ferocious Eyes!” 
Instead of responding, Ferocious Eyes knelt down. His injuries were separate from the curse as he had to raise his aura hastily to prevent the urgent moment. 
Laughter burst from Balkarova’s skull. Instead of aiming the sword directly at Felicia, he turned to In-gong while dozens of geists dived down from the sky. Their goals were Felicia, Delia, Karma and Daphne. 
It was too reckless.
He couldn’t do anything, yet he couldn’t give up. In-gong continued gathering his aura on Earth Quaker. He still had Gigantic Piston remaining. 
Balkarova laughed at In-gong. The casios and drake ogres were already gathered beyond the flame barrier that Felicia had created. 
Carack grabbed his axe quietly and In-gong took deep breaths before his last rush. 
It was at that moment... 
‘Master!’ 
He heard Green Wind’s voice. However, it was strange. Her voice was too far away. It felt like she was barely reaching him from a distance. 
In-gong touched his waist with his left hand reflexively. He couldn’t feel Green Wind in the small piece of wood. There was only a mere bit remaining. 
When had she left and why? 
‘Master! Activate Ainkel’s power! Shoot her power into the air!’ 
Her voice was too far away. It felt like she was using all her power just to reach out with her voice.
In-gong observed Balkarova and smiled for no reason. He closed his eyes and concentrated on the power of Conquest. It was crazy to close his eyes for a few seconds in front of an enemy. 
However, he didn’t care. In-gong just concentrated. He recalled the power he had felt when he became a dragon humanoid as well as the illusion of Ainkel that he had seen. 
Watcher Ainkel. 
The elder dragon with the power of life. The words she had said and the power she had given In-gong... 
In-gong opened his eyes and Balkarova was charging right before him. In-gong unleashed the Gigantic Piston that he had gathered and stopped Balkarova’s rush. Then he roared towards the sky. 
It was similar to Aura. No, he honestly didn’t know if he did it properly. The roar of a dragon humanoid filled the sky as Balkarova appeared before In-gong. He gave an eerie laugh and swung the black sword. 
Then at that moment... 
A terrible rumbling noise was heard from afar. A pure white and green light rushed through the air like a blade of wind.
They couldn’t help looking back. Balkarova and everyone on the battlefield looked in the direction of the sound. It was preceded by wind. Traces of white and green moved in the air and passed by the geists attacking Felicia. Red blood spurted in the air from their necks and wings as the geists fell to the ground. 
It was a beautiful trajectory. It fell to the ground at In-gong’s and Balkarova’s feet, causing Balkarova to retreat with surprise from the huge power of life it was emitting. 
It was located in front of In-gong. 
It was a shield. Pieces of white metal spread like wings while a green glow emitted from between the metal plates! 
‘Master!’ 
Green Wind's voice was heard clearly. Her voice was heard clearly from White Eagle and In-gong was the only one who understood the situation. 
Shortly after the battle began, Green Wind had left In-gong’s side. She had headed for the tomb where White Eagle was buried and entered it. 
It was unreasonable and reckless. There was a possibility that they would have been defeated before she reached White Eagle.
However, she took the chance and found White Eagle. She succeeded in awakening White Eagle and making it recognize its new owner by having In-gong activate Ainkel’s power. 
“Green Wind!” 
‘Praise me later! Instead, you have a lot to do! A lot!’ 
In-gong laughed coolly. He could feel Ainkel’s strength of life pushing at Balkarova’s aura. 
The antithesis. 
In-gong knew instinctively what he had to do to fight Balkarova. He didn’t delay any further and reached out toward White Eagle. 
Green Wind and White Eagle flew over to In-gong’s left arm. A gauntlet made of a white piece of metal formed on In-gong’s arm and White Eagle, reminiscent of a kite shield, settled on top of it. 
He didn’t have to wait for the golden crowned white woman to speak. In-gong formed fists and invoked the power of Conquest. 
Earth Quaker and White Eagle.
The strength of two elder dragons emanated from him.
Author’s note:
In-gong doesn’t know the name of the undead yet. As the author, I specified the name for the readability of the readers. 
Mustafa is a similar case, but In-gong knew the name after the boss clear message came out.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 57 - Chapter 8: Excavation #6
The piece of Ainkel, which had been kept in the small temple, had transformed In-gong’s body into a dragon humanoid.
Now, more of Ainkel’s magic power was added to the dragon humanoid body formed from Ainkel’s magic.
It was the power contained in White Eagle... Ainkel’s magic power which had been kept for a thousand years!
Dragon Blood, which had already been in play, became even more powerful. A brilliant green light shone from White Eagle, where it rested on In-gong’s left arm, and there was a roar from Earth Quaker on his right arm.
Life and destruction...
The power of Watcher Ainkel and the Great Enkidu!
Balkarova felt an instinctive fear. He was surprised at the unexpected power of life and moved backwards. Then he regained his mentality, looked at In-gong and suddenly pulled up the purple aura.
Breath weapon.
In-gong knew what Balkarova was doing. Instead of avoiding it, In-gong swung his left arm the moment the purple pillar poured out from Balkarova’s mouth.
"Prince!”
Carack shouted and Felicia also gave a short scream. Ferocious Eyes tried to raise his body while coughing up blood.
White Eagle flashed.
Kwaaaaaang!
There was a roar and the purple aura spread everywhere. White Eagle left In-gong’s left arm and blocked the violet pillar. The white metal pieces spread out like wings and emitted a green light. After colliding with White Eagle, the purple aura was broken and scattered.
However, Balkarova didn’t back off. Once again, he poured out an overwhelming amount of purple aura. In the midst of breaking and scattering, the purple pillar had become thicker and more intense.
In-gong didn’t wait. He moved to the side.
White Eagle was still confronting the purple aura, so Balkarovan was confused by In-gong moving and leaving White Eagle by itself.
When he thought about it, he realised it was natural as In-gong wasn’t holding onto White Eagle. White Eagle floated to the side and blocked the purple pillar. There was no reason for In-gong to stand behind White Eagle.
Balkarova couldn’t conceal his agitation and hurriedly chased In-gong’s movements with the purple pillar.
However, In-gong’s movements were too fast to chase using that method. In-gong moved and circled behind Balkarova.
“Kuha!”
Balkarova gathered the purple aura hurriedly. It was painful because he was gathering it too hastily, but he didn’t stop. He turned and aimed his left hand at In-gong. Fireballs poured out from Balkarova’s five fingers.
Kwang!
 
Kwang!
 
Kwang!
The fireballs exploded, causing a deafening roar, but In-gong wasn’t there anymore. In-gong had merely appeared at Balkarova’s back before moving away while continuing to watch him. Meanwhile, a white aura was gathering on In-gong’s right arm in preparation for Gigantic Piston.
Balkarova was very angry. He raised his sword and rushed toward In-gong with a momentum akin to a crashing car.
In-gong breathed in deeply. He was sweating, but he stood there and concentrated on Balkarova’s movements. It was meaningless to move too early. Just as In-gong was looking at Balkarova, Balkarova was also looking at In-gong. It was like a bullfighter dealing with a raging bull at the appropriate moment.
The black sword Balkarova swung poured out lightning bolts. At that moment, In-gong moved. He ran to the front without fleeing backwards or sideways. He took a few steps to the side to avoid Balkarova’s attacks and passed by Balkarova. In-gong focused patiently on Balkarova’s movements until the end. He was capable of this due to the explosive speed of Beast Authority.
In-gong counted inwardly. Not only did he gather his aura on Earth Quaker, he also used the remaining powers he had left within him.
There was the spirit of life that Daphne’s blessing had allowed to dwell inside him.
There was also Ainkel’s magic power which contained the power of life.
He used both of them. Rather than pushing them onto Earth Quaker, which had the power of destruction, he circled the power around its surface.
This formed a white ring.
After putting on the power of life, it acted as a sharp trial for Earth Quaker. It was an unstable power, but In-gong didn’t mind. He turned around, swung his left arm widely and White Eagle started flying again at In-gong’s command.
Kakakang!
White Eagle flew over Balkarova’s head. The white metal collided with the purple aura and Balkarova staggered.
It was truly a trampling!
“Kiaaaaaah!”
Unable to bear the anger, Balkarova swung his left hand at random and shot out fireballs again, while swinging his sword with his right hand.
Meanwhile, In-gong focused only on evasion. White Eagle flew to In-gong’s side and blocked the spheres of flames while In-gong rolled to the ground to avoid the blade.
Balkarova tried to pursue In-gong, but he couldn’t. Balkarova and In-gong weren’t the only ones in this area!
“Kuraha!”
Fury had narrowed Balkarova’s field of view and at that moment, Carack struck Balkarova in the shins with his axe which contained the power of an earth spirit. There was only a metallic ringing, but it was worth it. Carack’s only aim was to draw Balkarova’s attention away from In-gong.
“Kuha!”
Balkarova swung his left hand toward Carack. So far, Carack had dodged the attack, but he couldn’t this time. Exposed to Balkarova’s power, Carack was pushed back dozens of meters.
Despite the fact that it was only one blow, blood poured from his mouth and he stiffened from the purple aura. However, Carack didn’t care. He saw Balkarova was still running toward In-gong and raised his upper body while coughing up blood. He shouted for his king.
"Karaha!"
In-gong responded to the battle cry. Previously, he had devoted everything toward evasion. However, now, In-gong ran straight toward Balkarova, who then used his breath weapon in desperation. White Eagle swirled around In-gong and defended him. Once again, the green and purple lights clashed and there was a deafening howl.
Kwang!
In-gong kept moving forward. Divine Beast Authority, which contained a brilliant explosive force, was used to compress the distance between In-gong and Balkarova.
Balkarova was approximately five meters tall. It wasn’t easy to aim for his head or upper body because the height difference was too big. At this moment, Balkarova instinctively sensed something; he had to prevent In-gong’s strike. He couldn’t permit himself to be hit by the power contained in the gauntlet!
Balkarova raised his sword, but it wasn’t for an attack. It was to protect his important upper body and head.
However, In-gong didn’t jump forward. He aimed at Balkarova’s legs like he had been doing so far.
Gigantic Piston screamed as it emerged.
It wasn’t necessarily a frontal strike.
He aimed from below.
In-gong stopped right in front of Balkarova and punched the air with his fist. He couldn’t strike Balkarova directly, but it was enough. The mass of white aura clung to Balkarova as he was swept away by the force of Gigantic Piston.
"Kiaah!”
With that, Balkarova’s breastplate was shattered. Balkarova stepped back from the force of Gigantic Piston and the power of life took off the purple aura enveloping his upper body. It was only for a short time, but as a result, Balkarova’s upper body was left defenseless for a while. It was right at this moment!
“Felicia!”
"Triple Blast!”
Felicia shouted the moment that In-gong cried out. A tricolour ray of light shot out once again from his outstretched hands.
There had been no promises. In-gong had simply believed in Felicia. He believed she wouldn’t have given up and that she would find some way to win while watching the fight. She was a dark elf, Felicia Doomblade of Knight Saga!
Kwaaaaaang!
The blue, red and yellow light penetrated Balkarova’s chest. There was a huge roar and hundreds of bone fragments flew everywhere. Balkarova’s body cracked and a purple aura emerged from his eyes and mouth. It wasn’t an attack. It was the release of the aura as Balkarova could no longer control it.
Felicia, who had prepared Triple Blast while In-gong prepared Gigantic Piston, didn’t stop the eruption of her magic power. Using Triple Blast, not just once but twice, was painful for her.
Blood flowed down her jaws and tiny blood vessels in her arms burst, causing many bruises to form.
However, Felicia just smiled. She swallowed the pain and finished the magic.
Kwakwang!
The tricolor light exploded. Balkarova’s bone armour was shattered and the aura that had surrounded him could no longer be seen.
However, Balkarova hadn’t died yet. Instead of collapsing, he used the last of his power to lift his sword.
In-gong raised his left arm instead of avoiding it. There was no need for a command as In-gong wasn’t alone in this moment.
‘Master!’
White Eagle struck Balkarova’s head and Balkarova started to crumble. White Eagle then turned in the air and landed on In-gong’s left arm, just like a hawk landing on a hunter’s arm.
That wasn’t all.
Balkarova’s knee was broken and Balkarova literally crumbled to pieces. The skeleton knights dealing with the centaurs also returned to death with terrible screams.
Ferocious Eyes looked at In-gong and chanted Green Wind’s name, while Karma embraced Daphne with a silly smile.
Delia helped support Felicia and Felicia leaned on Delia, expressing both pain and joy.
Despite the blood, Carack laughed.
Hearing a familiar voice, In-gong was pleased.
[Your level has risen.]
[Your level has risen.]
[Boss: Skeleton King Balkarova has been defeated.]
[Title: King Slayer Lv1 has been acquired.]
Level 19.
In-gong breathed out and a white light wrapped around him as Felicia released the flame barrier.
The master of the purple aura had died, so the monsters started scattering.
&
'Hmm, I am prepared. Now is the time for praise, Master.’



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 58 - Chapter 8: Excavation #7
'Hmm, I am prepared. Now is the time for praise, Master.’
"Sorry, just wait a little longer.”
He wondered what Green Wind’s expression would be at his answer. In-gong imagined that she was quite disappointed but now wasn’t a situation where they could easily talk.
In-gong searched the mini-map. Just like the battle at the small temple, the monsters who lost the purple aura started scattering. They hadn’t headed their way due to Felicia’s fire barrier but that wasn’t enough. It was weak but there were still hundreds of monsters in the area.
In-gong closed his eyes. His stamina was restored due to the level up, but not his mental power. He used Below the King’s Flag twice, used White Eagle and exhausted his concentration in order to avoid Balkarova’s attacks. Right now, he felt like laying down on a bed and sleeping for 12 hours.
In-gong started thinking. Now, what should he do? Was it possible to break through the monsters with his troops?
Felicia was too weak to maintain the fire barrier. The flames had been maintained thanks to the fire spirit, but Felicia who maintained the spirit was weak so the power of the spirit weakened.
In-gong made a decision.
"Karma! Grab Daphne! Carack, can you stand up?”
Karma quickly lifted Daphne onto her back while Carack stood up. In-gong then looked at Ferocious Eyes and Felicia.
"Ferocious Eyes, run. We are going back to the watchtower.”
“Under… stood.”
Ferocious Eyes responded briefly and raised his body. Felicia was using recovery magic on Ferocious Eyes’ wounds, but they soon understood what In-gong’s meant.
It was hard to think of breaking through with their current exhausted power. It was obvious that there would a big sacrifice if they tried to get away.
Then he would rather go to the watchtower. It would be easy to defend while resting there, instead of crossing the grasslands.
There were now only nine elite centaurs left. Ferocious Eyes and the centaurs protected In-gong’s companions as they ran towards the watchtower.
Fortunately, the monsters lost their controller and didn’t think of attacking In-gong’s party. The monsters were actually more wary of In-gong’s party.
Although the watchtower was half collapsed, there were several floors with safe walls and ceilings. In-gong used various miscellaneous scattered items to block the entrance.
Carack helped In-gong with the entrance and gazed out a small opening.
"I don’t think they will come here to attack. Rather, they seem to be busy fighting among themselves.”
Felicia sighed with relief at Carack’s words. Delia whispered to Felicia and approached In-gong.
"9th Prince, I will climb up and keep watch on the north.”
When Balkarova was first discovered, more than 200 monsters had the purple aura around them. Thanks to the stone mountain, they couldn’t attack In-gong’s party but they might use a different path. Watching the north was the right choice.
“Okay, please do so.”
"I am pleased to do it for Her Highness.”
Delia smiled and headed upstairs. In-gong sat down and looked at everyone.
The centaurs were a mess. Some of them were quite severely injured.
Ferocious Eyes maintained his strong gaze, but his face also didn’t look good.
Karma sighed with relief as Daphne lay on her thighs. She had been running on her two legs instead of riding a draco like In-gong, so it was natural for her stamina to be exhausted.
Instead of sitting or lying down, Felicia stood up and wandered around the centaurs. She was using recovery magic.
"Noona should rest.”
Felicia was a mess. He could see all the bruises on her body due to the unique clothes of the dark elves.
But Felicia shook her head and responded with a mischievous voice.
"After I’ve finished the recovery magic. I am a princess.”
She winked slightly in the end but seemed to be doing too much. Sweat was flowing down her forehead and her voice was full of exhaustion.
'Felicia is like this.’
She was a princess.
Despite that, she prioritized healing the centaurs rather than saving her magic power.
In-gong respected Felicia’s will so he lay his body down in a more comfortable position. Carack sat at a window seat and stared out the window.
"Prince should close your eyes. I will watch the south.”
"We’ll do it in shifts so wake me up.”
Carack was also tired. He coughed up blood a few times.
But Carack laughed and pointed to the centaurs.
“There are many people who can take over for me. We lived thanks to the royal family so shouldn’t you enjoy it?”
Although it was a cheap luxury, they received the highest level of treatment in this situation. It was foolish to be stubborn so In-gong decided to rest. Green Wind was beside In-gong.
‘Master, rest easy.’
Only In-gong could hear her but there wasn’t much reaction. Green Wind stroked In-gong’s forehead and he naturally closed his eyes. He fell into a deep sleep.
&
"So, this is White Eagle?”
Deep in the night.
Everyone was gathered around a small campfire. There were leftover meat, bones and leather from the casios in the corner. While In-gong was sleeping, the centaurs had gathered them from the battlefield.
In-gong lightly touched his belly and answered Felicia’s question.
"Yes, it is one of the reasons why Green Wind wanted me to go north.”
Everyone’s gaze turned towards the White Eagle placed next to In-gong. The gauntlet and metal plates that made up the wings returned to their original positions, and it now looked like an ordinary kite shield.
But everyone had seen White Eagle in action. Ferocious Eyes stared at it.
"I never thought the legend of White Eagle was true.”
The story of the brave warrior who fought monsters across the Northern Limit Line a thousand years ago.
That was the history that Green Wind told In-gong, but it was different for the centaurs. It was one of the legends they’ve heard since their childhood.
The eyes of the centaurs and Karma starting shining like lanterns. Felicia laughed.
"The guardian of Enger Plains really likes you. Can I see it just once?”
In-gong hadn’t found White Eagle. White Eagle had flown to him.
Felicia didn’t know the precise cause but she thought it was due to Green Wind.
Daphne also spoke.
"I feel a strong life force from White Eagle. Moreover, that... This is just my feeling, but I don’t think all its power is revealed in this state.”
In-gong immediately understood. It was the same with Earth Quaker. Both of them were restricting their strength to match In-gong.
‘I need to become stronger.’
As soon as he became a dragon humanoid, Earth Quaker transformed one step higher.
Felicia stretched and said with a warm smile.
"Anyway, it is your Shutra. If you want I won’t report it to the Demon King’s Palace. Even if it is reported, it will be yours.”
The Demon King’s Palace generally didn’t take away the royal children’s achievements. While the Thunder Light Anvil was a historical relic, White Eagle was recognized as belonging to In-gong.
Ferocious Eyes looked at In-gong and said.
"Green Wind has stipulated that Prince is White Eagle’s master. The centaurs of Enger Plains recognize 9th Prince as the successor of White Eagle. Whenever Prince wants, we will be with Prince.”
He was the successor of the Great Warrior, who was an agent of Green Wind and led the centaur clan a thousand years ago. For the centaurs, In-gong was no longer the same as the other children of the demon king. He was a much more special presence.
Felicia stared at Ferocious Eyes but he didn’t seem to be joking. In-gong thanked Ferocious Eyes and asked Felicia.
"Can I go to the tomb of White Eagle for a while? It is a sacred place so I think I should go once.”
It was natural after receiving White Eagle. Felicia blinked and asked.
“You alone?”
"No, Carack as well. I don’t want to stay here for a long time so I should go now.”
They had to leave the watchtower and head south tomorrow morning. It was the middle of the night but he had the mini-map, so he was confident about going with just Carack.
Felicia sighed and nodded.
"I want to follow but it can’t be helped. Be careful."
Felicia had severe body aches due to treating the others. She could talk, but it wasn’t possible to run or walk like usual.
In-gong smiled and turned towards Ferocious Eyes.
"Ferocious Eyes, please look over Felicia noona.”
"Leave it to me."
Ferocious Eyes replied heavily. In-gong didn’t need to wait anymore so he instantly stood up.
“Let’s go, Carack.”
“Understood.”
In-gong got on the draco.
&
The tomb of the White Eagle wasn’t far away.
Instead of rushing, In-gong looked at the mini-map and adjusted his movement speed.
‘My skill points are pretty good.’
It was natural since he gained two levels at once. In Knight Saga, he could get more skill points as his level went up.
‘In retrospect, it is a very fast speed.’
In ordinary RPGs, bosses and normal mobs were used to level up. In-gong couldn’t remember leveling up so quickly in recent years.
In fact, the gap between bosses was too short.
As soon as he found the Thunder Light anvil and raised his level, he had gone to the Demon King’s Palace. Of course, there was no fighting there.
After arriving at Enger plains, he had faced the casios and leveled up after obtaining Ainkel’s power.
Soon after that, he fought Mustafa and gained another level.
‘Including the small temple and the fight in the north, isn’t it five levels?’
If his level was still in the single digits then it would be a shame. But it was quite good since it was in the double digits. He just needed a bit more to reach level 20.
And the fight with Balkarova.
Thanks to the short interval between bosses, he leveled up quickly. But every single battle was hard fought.
"Prince, I see it.”
Carack’s voice broke through his thoughts. He turned in the direction that Carack pointed and saw a pile of stones.
"It is completely smashed.”
When he came up close, it was a mess. Most of the stone pillars were broken as White Eagle came out.
Green Wind whispered to In-gong.
‘Don't worry, Master. The brave warrior won’t be angry. Rather, he would want to Master to have it. A warrior’s equipment is only worthwhile when dealing with the enemy on the battlefield.’
Then there was no reason to resist. In-gong took on the attitude of an RPG warrior breaking into a house and told Carack.
"Let’s go.”
This grave was a sacred place, but the main reason he came here was to collect the rest of the possessions.
Apart from White Eagle, there were several other magic artifacts. They were all used by the brave warrior when he was alive.
'The power of the White Eagle seems to have preserved the others.’
If not, it would have been hard to endure for thousands of years even with magic.
After a moment of silence, In-gong started to remove the stones. Carack moved a stone to the side and asked.
“Should I keep this a secret this time as well?”
"A secret. Ah, an axe. This is for Carack.”
The first thing they found was a big battle axe. Carack felt the magic power of the battle axe and said with a grin.
"This is a secret that must be kept from the world.”
In the tomb, there was a spear, a sword, and a ring. Although they were equipment worn by the brave warrior, their state wasn’t as good as before.
Just like the axe earlier, the spear, sword, and ring had magic but each type was different.
‘The axe has simple strength magic, the spear has limited recovery abilities once a day... even the spear?’
The sword had an enchantment to maintain the sharpness while the bow enhanced the wearer’s eyesight. Even though the centaurs already had good eyes,with the bow, it was like having a telescope attached.
The basic performance of all four equipment was excellent. He didn’t know what they were made of, but the material itself seemed to be special.
'One day I will be able to use it all.’
Even if he couldn’t use them, he would still take them. In-gong even kept the giant sword that Balkarova used.
Once the excavation was complete, In-gong silently bowed towards the grave and started to rebuild the stones. It was the very least he could do for the brave warrior.
'Then it is time for the final thing.’
In-gong looked at White Eagle, and a green light emitted from the shield like it had been waiting.
Green Wind emerged from White Eagle. Carack was astonished by Green Wind suddenly appearing out of White Eagle while In-gong smiled at her.
“Well done. Good job. The best.”
In-gong stroked Green Wind’s head who was sitting on White Eagle.. Green Wind blinked with a completely childish attitude.
"I feel bad but also good. Continue Master.”
In-gong refrained from laughing as he kept praising Green Wind, while Carack’s expression changed as he looked at the two people.
Green Wind disappeared with a satisfied face after being praised for nearly 10 minutes. Rather than the piece of wood hanging at In-gong’s waist, her home was now White Eagle.
After placing all the equipment of the brave warrior in his inventory, In-gong gazed at the Northern Limit Line.
The purple aura had controlled the monsters in the north.
Was it all over now? Was Balkarova the cause of the purple aura?
Yet some doubts remained. Why did Balkarova attack the south? How did he know the secret of the small temple?
Beyond the Northern Limit Line. Things were happening beyond it.
"Prince, we should go back. Don’t dwell on it any longer.”
Carack said, causing In-gong to smile and nod.
"Yes, your words are true.”
In-gong didn’t linger. He had completed the mission by defeating Balkarova. The work beyond the Northern Limit Line would be left to the Demon King’s Palace.
"Let's go, Maybach."
The draco started running towards the watchtower after In-gong spoke.
The moon was shining brightly in the sky.
&
It was dark and deep.
The Great Enkidu lifted his head to the sky.
He was an elder dragon born in lava, so he enjoyed looking down at the ground rather than up at the sky. But today, he faced the moon and stars in the dark blue sky. He heard a call from far away.
Enkidu.
"Ainkel."
One of the six elder dragons supporting this world. The first elder dragon to be killed.
Her death was a thing of the past and it had already been 1,000 years. But a part of her will still remained in the world.
The wind blew her whispers into Enkidu’s ears.
Enkidu didn’t say anything. He just gave a low roar and gazed up at the sky.
Conquest, war, famine, and death.
The Four Knights of the Apocalypse.
The time was approaching.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 59 - Chapter 9: Exception
After returning from the watchtower, the days passed by in a busy flow.
Felicia and Daphne investigated and studied the small temple. Meanwhile, Ferocious Eyes and the warriors of the other four tribes prepared to go back to the north. They were going to defeat the remaining casios on the Enger Plains, which hadn’t returned beyond the Northern Limit Line after Balkarova was defeated.
It could be considered the beginning of the casios clearing task.
In-gong headed north with Ferocious Eyes. It was a real opportunity, so there was no reason for him to waste it.
Thus, a fortnight passed like this. In-gong returned to the small temple after sweeping the casios away. This was where Felicia greeted him.
"It hasn’t been that long, but... you’ve become stronger. Your growth rate is scary.”
Felicia said with a slightly bitter smile. She had felt it during the battle against the skeleton king Balkarova, but In-gong was much stronger compared to when he was fighting the Red Lightning tribe. The growth couldn’t be explained just because of White Eagle.
In-gong replied somewhat painfully.
“I am growing up.”
In fact, that truly was the case. There were those who grew rapidly after reaching the teens. There were other children of the demon king who showed explosive growth in the teens.
Additionally, In-gong had reached level 20 while taking care of the casios and Protagonist Correction reached level three. After investing some skill points, the levels of Aura, Beast Authority and Divine Beast Authority increased by one or two.
Some magic also rose as a result of repeated training. He had repeatedly used Fire Arrow on the casios as well as Heal.
'Isn’t it worth fighting Caitlin now?'
In-gong hadn’t seen Chris or Caitlin’s skills properly yet. Until now, In-gong’s power had been weak compared to both of them. He wasn’t sure about Chris, but he thought he was capable of a proper duel with Caitlin.
In-gong calmed down the excitement in his heart and started to look around the temple.
"How did your investigation of the temple go?”
There was a joyful look on Felicia’s face. She told In-gong in an excited voice,
"I have been productive. Moreover, I discovered an incredible fact. Do you know what it is? Huh?”
“What is it?”
Felicia was so excited that In-gong was also interested. Felicia nodded with satisfaction at In-gong’s response and came closer to him. It seemed like she was going to whisper a secret.
"The magic in the temple is that of Ainkel’s, one of the six elder dragons. Ainkel!”
The whisper ended with a loud cry.
Felicia’s eyes were shining and it was the same for Daphne and Delia behind her.
For the three of them, this fact was really amazing. The three people didn’t know that the origin of Green Wind was a piece of Ainkel and that her power was in White Eagle.
In-gong wanted to say that it was great, but he could barely open his mouth. The three people were looking at him with bright smiles and expectant expressions.
“Wah! Really great!”
‘Master, it is awkward.’
After Green Wind’s words, he spoke in a more natural tone.
"Then that means it’s similar to the Thunder Light Anvil?”
"That's right, it’s similar. It is a remnant of an elder dragon."
Fortunately, Felicia was too excited and was convinced by his fake surprise and admiration.
She spoke quickly,
"I don’t know the relationship between Green Wind and Ainkel. However, it seems like it is Ainkel’s magic that summoned the treants. She had been analyzing the magic for a few days with Daphne and this is the result. I think it should be possible to control the treants and have them defend the temple and Enger Plains."
"That is really great, Felicia noona.”
“Hum hum. Well, that's right."
Felicia raised her chin and enjoyed In-gong’s praise. In some ways, Felicia was similar to Green Wind.
Carack, who was watching Felicia and In-gong quietly, asked then,
"Uh, then will Prince and Princess leave the Enger Plains now that the work is done?”
In-gong had completed the counterattack against the casios and Felicia finished the temple investigation.
Felicia nodded.
"That is right. There is still a lot more to study, but I will postpone it for now. I have to go back and report to the Demon King’s Palace.”
This year’s suppression of the casios had been different from the previous years. Moreover, the ruins of an elder dragon had been found, so it was amazing.
"People will be quite surprised this time. It will show everyone that it isn’t a coincidence that Abamama called your name.”
Felicia knocked against In-gong’s shoulders just like Chris always did. It was an act of fondness.
And the next morning...
After finishing the preparations to return to the Demon King’s Palace, In-gong faced Ferocious Eyes and the other centaurs.
Ferocious Eyes stared straight at In-gong and said,
"9th Prince, you are the representative of Green Wind and the successor of the Great Warrior. When you need it, we will be your hands and feet.”
His eyes were still fierce, but In-gong was able to read his heart now. Seated on the draco, In-gong held out a hand to Ferocious Eyes’ and said,
"It is the same for me as well. Thank you for everything, Ferocious Eyes.”
Ferocious Eyes shook In-gong’s hand. In Knight Saga, he had always been an enemy but now, In-gong was a reliable ally.
After receiving the enthusiastic send-off of the centaurs, In-gong left Mighty Fire’s base and headed to the transfer formation. He was accompanied by Felicia, Delia, Daphne, Carack, Karma and Green Wind.
Karma, who was his second subordinate after Carack, was leading the way.
Green Wind started annoying him in a different way.
'Master, I keep getting nervous.’
'Master, I am having chest palpitations.’
'Master, are we leaving Enger Plains like this?’
‘Master, answer me.’
Green Wind was born on Enger Plains, so it was the first time she was leaving it. She felt nervous, insecure, anxious and irritated at the thought of going to a new place for the first time.
It took two days to move while handling Green Wind. Once they arrived at the stone tower, the next stage of the trip was quick. He climbed onto the transfer formation, closed his eyes, then opened them in another place.
“Felicia.”
“6th Princess.”
“Felicia unni!”
A situation similar to the last time was unfolding in front of him. Felicia’s people had been waiting and rushed to welcome her.
Felicia smiled elegantly and welcomed the children of the concubines and subordinates that flocked to her.
Up until this point, it was very similar to last time. Then something different happened.
“It is great to see 9th Prince.”
“I’m here to greet 9th Prince.”
"I heard that you gained some great merits this time.”
Last time, In-gong had been treated as nothing.
‘Ohh...’
He could feel that things had changed. Whether they were sincere or reluctant, they could no longer ignore In-gong.
Felicia winked at In-gong.
Daphne was also there. Originally, she would have been a follower of Zephyr, but she now joined the children of the other concubines. Toward In-gong, the attitude of Felicia’s people had become more polite and friendly.
“Prince.”
Carack whispered and glanced at another place. In-gong was able to see what Carack was referring to in seconds.
Not everyone was welcoming In-gong. There were some who were looking at In-gong with discomfort and anxiety.
It was the reason why Felicia had volunteered to go to Enger Plains; it was the effect of the demon king, Mitra, calling In-gong’s name.
‘Aren’t they mostly people on Anastasia’s side?’
The 4th Princess Anastasia Nekrion - in Knight Saga, she had been known as the female Zephyr and had the largest of the three factions.
In-gong wanted to form a friendly relationship with the demon king’s children who were not on Zephyr’s side, but the world wasn’t always that nice.
So far, there hadn’t been much meaning in the other demon king’s children being friendly with In-gong. Felicia and Caitlin had no intention of becoming the demon king. Although Chris was ambitious, he was only moving for the comfort of himself, Caitlin and the lycanthropes because he was king of the lycanthropes.
Therefore, the three of them were happy, rather than jealous of In-gong.
However, Anastasia was different. She led one of the three factions. For her, In-gong was a sudden stone rolling in her path. Children of the demon king who started to shine independently were merely targets.
'At least Felicia isn’t Anastasia’s person yet.’
On the Day of Massacre, Felicia and her brother had belonged to Anastasia’s faction. However, he didn’t know the exact time they had joined.
It was currently Year 512. It was obvious that Felicia wasn’t Anastasia’s person at present.
Felicia hadn’t talked about Anastasia that much and seemed to be closer to In-gong than Anastasia. If Felicia was Anastasia’s person, Anastasia wouldn’t have let that happen.
In-gong turned his attention back to Felicia. There were over a dozen concubine children and subordinates who had come to meet Felicia. It felt more like a social organization centred on Felicia, rather than a faction.
'They aren’t much help, but can they be raised to help me?’
Three children of the concubines belonged to Felicia’s family(?).
Felicia was older, but he couldn’t remember their exact ages except for the fallen angel, Beiring.
There was Karapapa, a hulking yaksha, who appeared to be in his twenties, but was only in his mid-teens.
Anne Rose was the daughter of the fairy queen and in her early teens.
Beiring was a fallen angel with pale skin and black wings. He liked music and fine arts, so he wasn’t very helpful in battle, but he was treated well in Knight Saga.
As a yaksha, Karapapa had muscles similar to Carack, but his red skin gave off a more intense expression. Karapapa’s advantage was that he was stronger than he appeared. However, the downside was that he had no magical abilities.
The youngest, Anne Rose, had good potential, but the problem was that she was too young. She was only approximately 11 years old, so it was hard for her to be helpful right now.
‘It is better than nothing. There is also Daphne.’
In-gong looked at Felicia’s family with generous eyes. Felicia’s family started gossiping about what had happened in the Demon King’s Palace while she was gone.
“Felicia unni, did you hear? There will be a court gathering again this time.”
Anne Rose, who had colourful hair and butterfly wings, said excitedly. Felicia’s eyes widened.
“Huh? This time as well?”
Although In-gong’s merits were so big that it couldn’t be compared to a general casios subjugation, that wasn’t enough for a court gathering.
Were the rumours about the demon king’s favouritism toward In-gong true?
Beiring laughed and explained,
"The court gathering will celebrate 6th Princess and 9th Prince’s merits in conjunction with someone else’s. It is said that this court gathering is for three people.”
That made more sense. Another royal child must have earned a big merit.
Felicia asked again,
"Who is the other person that you are talking about?”
That was the exact question that In-gong had wanted to ask. Beiring replied with a smile,
"2nd Prince has come back.”
2nd Prince Zephyr Ragnaros.
In-gong swallowed his saliva inadvertently.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 60 - Chapter 9: Exception #2
Zephyr Ragnaros:
The protagonist of the Demon World in Knight Saga;
The son of the demon king Mitra and 1st Queen Aishar Ragnaros.
He was the most powerful of all the royal children and had the innate power of a demon king. He was cold and ruthless. He was the one who uncovered the 4th Queen Elaine Moonlight’s secret about Caitlin’s birth, causing the subjugation of the lycanthropes which was called the worst civil war in Knight Saga.
As a result of the lycanthrope subjugation, Chris, Caitlin, the 4th Queen and Caitlin’s father Gallehed were killed and the lycanthropes were erased from the Demon World.
Then there were the other children of the demon king.
The children of the demon king had expended a lot of power in the lycanthrope subjugation while Zephyr held back and didn’t suffer as much despite inciting it.
Zephyr had called Felicia and took the Tears of a Dark Elf. He then killed Felicia’s older brother who had been the strongest protector of the dark elves.
The fates of the 3rd Prince Victor and the 4th Princess Anastasia hadn’t differed greatly.
He hadn’t shown any courtesy even to his older brother, 1st Prince Baikal Ragnaros, and he had murdered his half-siblings without any signs of emotion.
All the children of the concubines, even the ones who followed Zephyr, had been killed. No one with the blood the demon king had survived. Even Shutra, who was hiding from the Demon King’s Palace, hadn’t been spared.
The damage caused on the Day of Massacre had led the demon king Mitra to becoming exhausted.
After murdering all those with Mitra’s blood, he had become the world’s only successor to the demon king.
He had risen to the throne on the blood of those he had slayed and became the new demon king, mercilessly killing all those who opposed him. As soon as that was over, he had naturally launched an invasion.
Zephyr Ragnaros.
That was the story of the strongest and the worst demon king.
That was why In-gong had decided to become stronger. It was why In-gong was building up his influence using his merits.
In order for In-gong, Caitlin, Chris and Felicia to survive, he had to stop the Day of the Massacre.
‘Zephyr.’
At the thought of meeting with him and standing with him at the court gathering...
It felt like he was suffocating. Despite the fact that he hadn’t met Zephyr yet, he was filled with tension.
“Shutra?”
He heard a voice, but he didn’t answer.
"Shutra, are you okay?”
Felicia’s face appeared in front of him. Green Wind’s voice then buzzed in his ears,
‘Master, are you okay? You are sweating a lot.’
“Uh, yes. I just suddenly felt dizzy.”
In-gong replied to both Felicia and Green Wind. Felicia looked at In-gong anxiously before saying with a bright smile,
"Tomorrow is the court gathering. Isn’t it sudden just like last time?”
It was like that. He hadn’t even had time to rest the last time.
‘Surely, they aren’t going to tell me to leave as soon as the court gathering is over?’
In-gong laughed bitterly at the thought. Felicia interpreted the meaning of In-gong’s laugh differently and patted his shoulder.
“Go back and rest for today. I’ll come around in the evening. Shouldn’t you be well prepared this time as well?”
Felicia winked after her words. In-gong nodded.
“Yes, Noona should sleep well also.”
“Yes.”
Felicia knocked against In-gong’s shoulders and turned around. Then Anne Rose smiled and said,
"Unni is friendly.”
Anne Rose, Beiring and Karapapa were all making similar expressions. The three people turned their warm gazes toward Felicia. As always, her ears turned red.
‘I think I know the nature of this family.’
It was clearly a non-political social gathering for the purpose of friendship in the Demon King’s Palace.
In-gong watched Felicia, her family and Daphne leave, then boarded a carriage. It was a dark elf carriage drawn by dracos, not horses.
Carack informed the dark elf driver of their destination and sat down next to In-gong.
“Prince, are you okay?”
"Uh, just wait a little bit.”
Carack looked In-gong up and down with uncertain eyes, but it wasn’t because of injuries.
It was because Carack was worried about himself instead of In-gong.
"Ugh, do I have to wear clothes to the court gathering like last time?”
He recalled Carack dressed in a tight suit. In-gong smiled involuntarily. His worry about Zephyr was diluted as he watched Carack.
"If you are uncomfortable, then concede the court gathering to Karma.”
He was conflicted between his desire to give the role to Karma and his duty, so he just sat quietly.
"W-what are you saying?”
'Master, can I go as well? I will go wherever you go.’
In-gong laughed as he heard Green Wind’s voice. Nayatra and Sektum from Knight Saga weren’t by his side but he didn’t feel lacking.
&
Then at the next moment...
"Too nervous."
"Is that so? I’m also nervous.”
"Time, just a little bit more time...”
They were the same words as the first court gathering.
Carack couldn’t even sit down for fear of his clothes being wrinkled.
"However, didn’t Prince say there was one more person?”
This time, there were three children of the demon king participating in the court gathering. They had been in the waiting room for a while but only In-gong and Felicia were present.
Delia had already adapted to Carack’s rude method of speaking, just like Seira, and replied in a calm tone,
"I heard that 2nd Prince will enter the court gathering without going through the waiting room.“
"Well, Zephyr oppa is special in many ways.”
Felicia muttered with a slight frown. Although she called him oppa, he seemed to be a formidable person to Felicia.
Felicia, who was dressed in a backless red dress, looked at the clock in the waiting room and turned to In-gong. There was only one minute left until they had to enter.
Felicia took a deep breath before putting both hands on In-gong’s shoulders.
"Even though Zephyr oppa is there, it will be nothing compared to your merits. Let’s show everyone how cool you are."
He had heard almost the exact same words at his first court gathering. In-gong laughed.
"Are you trying to be Chris hyung?”
"Well, Chris isn’t here today.”
Felicia winked playfully and neatened his clothes. Then a palace employee opened the door of the waiting room.
"6th Princess and 9th Prince, please enter.”
It was time. Felicia gazed at In-gong and he nodded, taking a step forward.
&
Once again, there were many people present at the court gathering. However, unlike the last time, the nature of their looks was different.
There were many people paying attention to In-gong. Not all the looks were pleasant, but it was a fact that they were paying attention to him.
There was a heavy silence as they all looked at one person. In-gong took a step forward. Like Felicia, he didn’t smile, but he could afford to look around.
‘Anastasia.’
The 4th Princess, a woman who led one of the three factions within the Demon King’s Palace.
He looked at her. With light grey hair that looked silver, she had a different type of beauty from Felicia.
She was quiet and serene, yet bewitching.
In-gong didn’t look at Anastasia for a long time. He stopped moving and knelt down.
After In-gong and Felicia, a voice was heard behind them.
“2nd Prince Zephyr Ragnaros, entering.”
The door opened and footsteps were heard. In-gong couldn’t look back, but In-gong could clearly feel it with every step Zephyr took forward. The intensity of the gazes had changed once again.
Then the footsteps stopped and In-gong heard a small noise as Zephyr went down on one knee.
If he turned his head and reached out, he could touch Zephyr.
"I will report the merits of the princes and the princess.”
Isabella from the Merits Department spoke in a clear voice.
“2nd Prince Zephyr Ragnaros.”
Zephyr stood up as his name was called. In-gong still didn’t turn his head sideways. Despite standing next to In-gong, he was still out of sight.
Isabella read out his merits.
His merits were also very impressive. Just Zephyr’s merits alone would be worthy of a court gathering.
Isabella then called Felicia and In-gong’s names in succession. This time, only a small number of people were surprised since the information about In-gong’s merits were widespread.
However, that didn’t mean that they took In-gong’s merits lightly. In-gong’s merits were in a special corner. Moreover, the story about the Northern Limit Line attracted everyone’s attention.
Isabella finished reading the merits and at that moment, Isabella and many other people were nervous. All of them were waiting for someone’s voice with a strange anticipation and anxiety.
“Shutra.”
A silent shock struck once again. The name of the 9th Prince emerged from the demon king’s mouth once again.
Everyone concentrated on the next words of the demon king and there was a bigger impact than before.
"You have a mission.”
The demon king didn’t speak any further. He just looked at Isabella once and she understood his meaning. She swallowed her saliva and said in a soft voice,
"The 27th expedition led by General Kashubal has failed in securing the fortified city of Thunderdoom in the Dwarf Kingdom. 9th Prince Shutra, take the local troops and remove any troublesome elements. Secure Thunderdoom.”
There was a silent scream. No, it was very small, but it leaked everywhere. The silence, which had been kept even when the demon king called In-gong’s name, was broken.
It was due to the contents of the mission.
General Kashubal was a draconian and the fortified city, Thunderdoom, was an important facility of considerable value in the ruins of the recently discovered Dwarf Kingdom.
It was a mission that a draconian general had failed. It was a mission natural for a prince with the blood of a draconian to undertake. There were rumours that Zephyr had rushed back in order to get the mission.
Yet the task was given to the 9th Prince. Furthermore, it was a direct appointment by the demon king.
Felicia had a pale expression as she covered her mouth and Anastasia’s eyes widened. Most of the people in audience were looking at the demon king.
However, the demon king just stared silently at In-gong. His gaze wasn’t as overbearing as last time, but it was still heavy.
Then In-gong felt another gaze on him...
Zephyr Ragnaros.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 61 - Chapter 9: Exception #3
If the first court gathering had caused waves, the second one was shocking.
The demon king had directly ordered a new mission at the court gathering.
This was unprecedented.
As soon as the demon king left the room, In-gong almost fled to the waiting room and covered his face with both hands. He sat down in a waiting room chair and breathed out a long sigh.
'What is the demon king thinking?’
Demon King Mitra.
He was the strongest among the sura that was known as the best combat species.
He was paying attention to In-gong and it wasn’t just an accident.
He had noticed something about In-gong. The demon king had given In-gong a new mission... This wasn’t common for the court gatherings. The development from the first court gathering hadn’t exploded and leaked.
In-gong had once again realized the existence of the demon king from the first court gathering, something he hadn’t paid attention to when he played Knight Saga. Although the demon king had showed up at the court gatherings, he had simply watched without speaking and never gave out any missions or commands.
The existence of the demon king was the final boss on the Day of Massacre.
However, people called the demon king the ‘fake final boss’. The reason was that the condition of the demon king, Mitra, wasn’t normal.
The demon king was suffering from a disease.
He didn’t know exactly when, but it was likely that he had been ill the whole time in Knight Saga.
The demon king had hidden the disease, so hardly anyone in the Demon World had known about it. Even Zephyr, the main character of the Demon World, hadn’t known about the demon king’s disease until there was a direct confrontation.
If he had known about the demon king’s illness, the Day of Massacre would have occurred much earlier.
For Zephyr, the children of the demon king had simply been ‘enemies’. He had never once been afraid of Chris and the others who had strength.
However, the demon king had been different. Zephyr feared his power. He had aimed to surpass the demon king’s strength and once he judged that he had accomplished it, the Day of Massacre occurred.
From In-gong’s point of view, as someone who was trying to stop the Day of Massacre, it was good that Zephyr didn’t know about the demon king’s illness. Just like the secret of Caitlin’s birth, he was going to keep the secret of the demon king.
‘I don’t know what the demon king is thinking. Is it good that he has an eye on me? Does he want to raise me to become Zephyr’s rival?’
If he was the same as the demon king in Knight Saga, he wasn’t crazy like Zephyr, but he was the demon king for a reason. He respected the law of the strong in the Demon World and took for granted that the strongest of his children would become the next king.
Even at the moment when Zephyr stabbed his chest, the demon king was pleased that Zephyr was able to surpass him, despite being angry at the deaths of the queens and other royal children.
‘I don't know. I can’t decide if this is good or bad.’
Looking back, it almost seemed like the demon king was trying to raise In-gong. The demon king might be giving support because he knew that In-gong had no background with the death of his mother.
He recalled the eyes of 4th Princess Anastasia when she looked at him. 3rd Prince Victor, who was standing beside her, had a shadowed gaze.
And Zephyr, when In-gong glanced to the side, his face had been blank.
His face had been very stiff. It had only been for a few seconds, but In-gong remembered it clearly.
He hadn’t been able to read any anger or wrath from Zephyr. Rather, it seemed like he felt somewhat pleased. It was just like the demon king at the first court gathering.
“Shutra, Shutra, Shutra.”
Felicia flopped down next to In-gong and cried out. She almost seemed like Caitlin.
However, Felicia had a pale face instead of Caitlin’s shining eyes.
She grabbed In-gong’s arm and asked,
"That... He... Is Abamama painting a target on you? Isn’t this going to cause you a lot of pain?”
In-gong opened his eyes. It could be interpreted in this way.
'Come to think of it, doesn’t this seem right?’
Anastasia would almost certainly try to keep him in check now. In addition to Zephyr, the draconians were expected to make movements. The captains and other people in power would determine their attitude toward In-gong according to their factions.
It was likely that the demon king truly was making a target out of In-gong.
Maybe this was his method of nurturing In-gong.
In-gong cut off these thoughts for now. The information about the intentions of the demon king was too lacking. The situation was already like this, so he needed to face it.
“It seems like I won’t be able to rest properly under Prince.”
Carack complained. In fact, it wasn’t wrong to say that there had been no period of rest since the day that In-gong had first arrived.
Felicia leaned back in her chair. Like In-gong, she sighed deeply and said with folded arms,
"Anyway, it is really extraordinary. Not only did Abamama give a mission but the mission was given to Shutra.”
Her voice was quite serious. In-gong looked hastily at Felicia.
"What does that mean?”
Had there already been a person for the mission?
Felicia frowned slightly before saying,
"Didn’t you hear that a general had already failed the mission? The mission was almost certain to go to Zephyr orabeoni. (Orabeoni= more formal way to refer to an older brother.) The general that failed is a draconian. Zephyr, who is a draconian, should be the one to resolve it.”
So, that was it. The shock was bigger than the last court gathering when his name had been called.
No one had expected the 9th Prince to be in charge of the 2nd Prince’s task. It wasn’t like In-gong had suddenly taken over Zephyr’s task, but there was a precedence in this world. Felicia and everyone at the court gathering had thought that Zephyr would take on this mission.
In-gong remembered Zephyr’s gaze.
He had a white face like a statue and dark red hair.
Zephyr resembled the demon king, thoroughly hiding what he was thinking.
Carack, who was still listening, raised his hand and asked,
"If a general failed the mission, then isn’t it a very difficult task? What type of general is he?”
"General Kashubal is a intermediate level general below Vandal’s rank.”
Delia was the one who answered the question.
The independent structure of the Demon King’s Palace was quite simple.
The five captains existed at the apex.
There were 10 senior generals below him.
Underneath those were 20 intermediate ranked generals and 40 low ranked generals.
Vandal was one of the 10 senior generals.
Carack scowled after hearing Delia’s explanation. It was clear that it was a difficult mission if an intermediate general had failed.
In-gong’s expression wasn’t too different from Carack’s. Felicia sighed and said,
“Well, it can’t be helped. I'll go with you.”
“Felicia noona?”
Unlike In-gong or Caitlin, Felicia could perform her own missions without any instructions.
Felicia snorted before turning her gaze to another place.
"It isn’t just because of you, Shutra. The Dwarf Kingdom is one of my areas of interest.”
In-gong laughed at Felicia’s answer. He spread his arms wide and hugged her.
“Thank you!”
Felicia was surprised by the sudden embrace but didn’t push In-gong away. She just smiled awkwardly.
Delia also smiled happily before Carack pulled everyone in the room back to reality.
"Then how did that general fail?”
Carack’s question touched on an important point.
Felicia pushed In-gong away gently and glanced at Delia.
"Delia?”
"I will look into it as soon as possible.”
Delia had arrived at the Demon King’s Palace yesterday, so it was natural that she didn’t know. However, her face was still full of remorse.
In-gong looked at Delia.
' I need information.’
Although Carack was capable, he had zero connections in the Demon King’s Palace. Just like Felicia had Delia and Caitlin had Seira, it was necessary for In-gong to have a subordinate who could collect information in the Demon King’s Palace.
'There are candidates.’
Among the children of the concubines, there were some that he thought about. In order to become informed, a network was necessary. Therefore, they needed to be people who stayed at the Demon King’s Palace.
Felicia spoke to In-gong again,
"This time, there will be a few days to spare. Due to the nature of this mission, preparation is imperative.”
It wasn’t a scenario that required pushing enemies like the Red Lightning tribe and the casios. It wasn’t so relaxing that he could just leave straight away.
"I will be going to the Merits Department tomorrow. I need to know my merit level and the mission schedule."
It was necessary to always visit the Merits Department at the beginning and end of a mission. Felicia nodded.
"Hrmm, then you can use the smithy and armoury. It is a good idea.”
Even in the case of a royal child, various facilities in the palace weren’t available if their merit level was too low.
He still couldn’t use the library and magic laboratory even if all his merits were combined, but he could take full advantage of the armoury and smithy.
'Let's arm myself properly.’
In-gong was thinking about going to the smithy. He had Earth Quaker and White Eagle but no other equipment.
In-gong needed to arm himself as well as Carack and Karma.
Felicia spoke again.
“You didn’t have time last time but it should be different now. There will be quite a few people who want to meet with Shutra.”
There would be invitations to parties, encouragements to participate in hunting competitions or even requests for a spar.
There were a great many nobles in the palace, each belonging to different factions. He could face an unexpected political crisis when meeting people.
"This might be excessive interference, but... you shouldn’t meet anybody this time. Go meet people when you have a little bit more time. Noona will introduce you to some decent people.”
It was obvious that he was in her favour. In-gong knew that Felicia would take care of him very well.
However, she was talking about introducing him to people close to 3rd Queen Silvia Doomblade.
'Well, it is natural.’
In-gong’s current strongest allies were Chris, Caitlin and Felicia. It was natural to become friendly with people on the side of the 3rd and 4th Queens and they were probably thinking similar thoughts.
"I will do so since I will be busy preparing for the mission.”
Felicia nodded with satisfaction at In-gong’s answer.
"Okay, then we should go back. I am tired.”
Originally, the court gathering was a fun event for everyone to wear beautiful clothes. However, the mood had changed since last time.
In-gong stood up along with Felicia. Felicia was walking towards the waiting room door when she said to In-gong in a small voice,
“Although, I am a little bit envious.”
“Huh?”
"I would like to have Abamama call my name.”
In-gong blinked and Felicia raised her head. She spread her fan and covered her face.
"Let’s go.”
In-gong stepped out of the waiting room with Felicia.
&
"I would like to join you on this mission."



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 62 - Chapter 9: Exception #4
"I would like to join you on this mission."
The next morning, two people came to visit In-gong, who happened to oversleep.
One person was familiar while the other one was unfamiliar, but he could soon remember the name.
‘Cadaroph?'
One of the children of the concubines. In-gong wasn’t sure, but the person was clearly a siren.
'A male siren.’
Sirens were a beautiful species that lived in the sea. They were famous for being powerful people who were able to naturally gather magic power in their voices in order to lure people.
Standing before In-gong, Cadaroph was also a powerful voice magic user. He was a teenager. The young siren had blue hair, twinkling eyes and a cute appearance, but In-gong wouldn’t allow himself to be seduced by a male or female siren.
"I'm sorry, I have already decided who will go on this mission. I will borrow your strength at the next opportunity.”
In-gong answered with moderately reasonable words as he placed his hand on Cadaroph’s shoulder and smoothly led him out of the drawing room. Cadaroph blinked a few times at being kicked out of the drawing room before nodding like it couldn’t be helped. Daphne still remained in the drawing room.
“Eh?”
"Have a safe trip.”
In-gong shook hands with the bemused Cadaroph and closed the door to the drawing room. Flora would send Cararoph back.
Daphne bit her lip as she watched and asked in a slightly nervous voice,
“Can I go with you?”
"We should go together. Look after me this time as well.”
In-gong answered calmly as he sat beside Daphne and thought of the process that had brought her here.
As expected, Cadaroph had stuck to Daphne in order to enter the drawing room.
Yesterday, after the court gathering, In-gong had returned to the mansion and ordered Flora and his servants to graciously refuse all visitors except for Felicia, Delia and Daphne. It was in order to minimize unnecessary encounters like Felicia had proposed yesterday.
In-gong hadn’t kicked out Cadaroph because he was a male siren. Cadaroph was the unnecessary meeting Felicia was worried about.
Cadaroph was a hidden follower of 4th Princess Anastasia and among Anastasia’s followers, he was an especially enthusiastic follower. However, he was hidden because Cadaroph’s abilities laid in ‘spying’.
When In-gong played as Zephyr, Cadaroph had always approached him with a bright smile and then as always, he had tried to betray In-gong at a crucial moment.
'That Cadaroph came to me?’
He didn’t think that Cadaroph would have suddenly changed from Anastasia to In-gong.
Frankly speaking, compared to theo ther children of the demon king, In-gong’s merits were still not worth a lot. He had made a strong impression due to the shocking incidents at two court gatherings, but that wasn’t always a good thing.
Daphne had come back after seeing him directly on Enger Plains.
In-gong was currently attracting a great deal of attention for his achievements and growth. So, it was possible that he would keep growing like this.
However, shining like this was also dangerous.
The children of the concubines went to whom they thought was closest to becoming the demon king. Their futures depended on it, so it was still too risky to bet boldly on In-gong.
‘He was someone who listened to Anastasia until the end, even when Zephyr was winning. He wouldn’t have joined me so suddenly. Rather, the important thing is the other side.’
Even if he was a spy, the possibility that he had come to In-gong on his own accord was low. It had obviously been a command from Anastasia.
‘It is a little too weak to be an attempt to keep me in check... Maybe she’s just keeping an eye on me?’
Either way, it didn’t change the fact that Anastasia was starting to notice In-gong.
In-gong recalled Anastasia from the court gathering. She had been eerily beautiful, but she was as strong as her beauty. Her nickname was the female Zephyr.
‘This is all because of the demon king.’
As he cursed the demon king who put him in this situation, In-gong returned his attention to Daphne.
He gave her orders to prepare meticulously in order to leave the Demon King’s Palace quickly.
"So, where are you going?"
After sending Daphne off with her orders, In-gong quickly replied to Carack’s question.
"I will go to the Merits Department.”
&
“It is great to see 9th Prince.”
"Hello, Isabella. Were you surprised yesterday?”
In-gong greeted her with a smile and Isabella smiled back.
"It was amazing. It was huge. Is Prince okay?”
She asked with a little bit of worry as the demon king had done something unexpected yesterday. In-gong sighed and answered,
"I will leave it to your imagination.”
It was a playful answer, so although Isabella raised her eyebrows, she didn’t express any more concerns. Actually, it was pleasing when he stepped back and looked at it. The demon king had shown an interest in In-gong and not anyone else.
Isabella asked with a friendly smile,
"Do you want to hear about your achievements or the new mission first?”
"I’ll check my merits first.”
“I understand.”
[9th Prince Shutra Agnus]
[Merit Level: 5 -> 10]
[Cumulative Merits: 15,000 -> 35,000]
[Currently Available Merit Points: 33,000]
[Merits related to participating in the Red Casios Expedition]
-Discovered the temple belonging to the guardian Green Wind.
-Repeled the group of casios.
-Repeled the group of drake ogres.
-Solved the 1st abnormal situation.
-Guessed the cause of the anomalies [Undetermined/Undead].
-1st grade merits against the casios.
[9th Prince’s merit has risen to level 10.]
[The facilities available to use inside the Demon King’ Palace has increased.]
[The monthly allowance has increased from 500 gold to 900 gold.]
'Oh, isn’t this better than the Red Lightning tribe expedition?’
In fact, he had expected it to some extent. The Red Lightning expedition wasn’t a mission exclusive to In-gong. Moreover, senior general Vandal had been involved in the mission, so it had to be evaluated in a general way.
On the other hand, In-gong had been in charge of the casios subjugation as Felicia had emphasized repeatedly. Moreover, he hadn’t acted as indirect support like last time. Instead, he had found the solution directly, so his merits obviously had to be better.
‘It means this strange situation has a lot of value to the Demon King’s Palace.’
It was due to the mysterious purple aura that had emerged from beyond the Northern Limit Line.
Isabella clasped her hands together and said,
“Once again, I really admired Prince’s merits. The casios subjugation is an annual mission, so no one expected it to become such a big deal.”
It made a lot of sense. In-gong had never even imagined that this would have happened.
However, there had been one person who caught onto it.
Perhaps the demon king knew? Did the result of this event have some significance to the demon king?
He was still missing too much information. Therefore, In-gong focused on the things in front of him.
"9th Prince, shall I send the rewards for your merit level to the mansion like before?”
"Please do.”
He gained five levels, so he should receive a lot of rewards this time. He didn’t want to show his inventory ability, so he chose to have it delivered.
“I understand. Is there anything you want to use your merit points on?”
"Not here but somewhere else. I will go to the smithy and arsenal.”
“Indeed. Your merit level is now high enough to use several facilities in the palace. I hope you get a lot of good items.”
"Thank you, then can I ask you about the mission?”
“I understand. The mission outline is the same as what I said yesterday.”
[Dwarf Kingdom Thunderdoom Exploration Mission]
[During the development of a mine, a path leading to Thunderdoom was discovered. Secure the passage to Thunderdoom and explore the inside of Thunderdoom.]
[* Please depart from the Demon King’s Palace within the next seven days.]
The few lines of text were followed by a map made of light. In-gong was familiar with the place.
‘It really is Thunderdoom.’
He had already visited it in Knight Saga. However, the point of difference with Knight Saga was the time of discovery.
‘It won’t be the same.’
Quite a few things about the elder dragons had already changed from Knight Saga.
"General Kashubal lost his life during the Thunderdoom investigation. According to the report, poisoning from toxic gases seems to be the main cause of death. You should prepare for it.”
In-gong nodded. Whenever he entered Thunderdoom in Knight Saga, he had always carried various detoxification items with him.
‘In the first place, the mine was closed due to the toxic gases.’
It fit with the story, but why? It was a little odd.
General Kashubal...In-gong had never met him in Knight Saga, but had he truly not had any about the toxic gases? Or had he been accidentally injured despite the preparations? Either way, it was a wasteful end for an intermediate general.
‘I hope that Delia finds out more information.’
In-gong nodded and finished his conversation with Isabella.
"Thank you for the advice. Then I’ll be going now.”
“I will be waiting happily for Prince’s next visit.”
&
In-gong immediately headed to the eastern part of the castle that contained the armoury and smithy. He still had Felicia’s carriage from yesterday, so he didn’t have to encounter anyone while travelling.
The armoury at the Demon King’s Palace could be divided into two major areas. One was an area where mass-produced weapons and equipment for soldiers were stored. The other was a treasure trove of equipment for commanders, nobles and royalty.
Of course, In-gong headed toward the latter area.
Just like Isabella, Igor from Knight Saga was still in charge of the armoury.
“It is great to see 9th Prince. You have a merit level of 10, so the first treasure house is available to you. It is a principle to consume merit points when purchasing anything, but it is also possible to buy separately with money.”
In-gong smiled as he entered the first treasure house with the small demon imp.
The treasure house was incredibly large. It was almost ten times the size of the armoury found in the Thunder Light Anvil dungeon- no, it was twenty times the size.
Moreover, unlike the dungeon armoury that was empty in some places, the palace armour was packed tightly without any empty spots. It was like a department store of weapons.
It was surprising for In-gong even though he had already encountered it in Knight Saga. It was also new for Carack and Karma, so their eyes widened with shock.
In particular, Karma gasped like she was having a heart attack.
"C-can I really take all of this?”
Karma stuttered at In-gong as she carried the items he picked out. There was a chain mail with lightning magic, a silver helmet and gauntlets. It was gorgeous equipment she could never imagine wearing.
However, In-gong just replied casually,
“Yes.”
Karma’s eyes bulged but this much was nothing for the Demon King’s Palace.
‘This is the palace of the demon king.’
It was the centre of the Demon World. In-gong felt apologetic but the Enger Plains, where the centaurs lived, couldn’t compare to it.
Carack declared proudly,
"Don’t hesitate to take it. We have to become strong enough to help the royal family.”
His words made a lot of sense. Carack put on a black helmet that matched his armour and carried a big magic shield on his back. He had already gained some items from missions, so he didn’t need anything more.
In-gong chose leather armour that resisted attacks of various attributes for himself. Divine Beast Authority used explosive movements, so metal armour, that was heavy and hindered the body, didn’t match. Chris and Caitlin also wore leather armour.
He used exactly 15,000 merit points for the three of them. Most of it was used for In-gong’s armour and Carack’s shield.
‘I shouldn’t save merits on equipment.’
And this was only the beginning of his merits. Once he returned from this mission, he might be able to access the second treasure house.
‘Okay, okay. Now, I seem like a prince. This is a knight.’
In-gong was about to leave the armoury with a pleased expression.
‘Master, what about me?'
'Master, you seem to only be discriminating against me.'
‘I am also green but Master likes that orc better.’
Green Wind’s voice hit In-gong’s ears. In-gong laughed and asked in a mischievous voice,
“What would you like to have?”
‘Eh...’
As expected, she didn’t have an answer. It wasn’t always possible for Green Wind to materialize in reality, so she didn’t need any armour or weapons.
Green Wind moaned because she was speechless and In-gong laughed again.
"I’ll praise you when we get back.”
'Master, I didn’t do anything to be praised.’
"Then I won’t.”
‘W-well, it isn’t bad to be praised for no reason.’
In-gong restrained himself from laughing. Igor didn’t know about the existence of Green Wind and was looking at In-gong with uncomfortable eyes.
After leaving the armoury, In-gong headed toward the smithy. Karma thought it would contain dozens of craftsmen sweating in a huge smithy, but in reality, it was a neat office similar to the Merits Department.
The place where orders were received didn’t have to be the place where they were made.
The lizardman Kator, the blacksmith, received In-gong’s requirements one by one and confirmed them.
“Are you talking about a greave (for the shins)?”
“Yes, a greave.”
In-gong’s demands were somewhat different from the usual greaves. It might be better to call them combat shoes.
Beast Authority and Divine Beast Authority weren’t limited to hand techniques. There were as many foot techniques and kicks as there were hand techniques.
The greaves in the armoury were meant to protect the legs and were hindrances when it came to fast foot techniques.
His greaves needed to be as light as possible in a shape that didn’t interfere with the movements of the legs and ankles. They also needed to be enchanted with a variety of magic.
After reviewing In-gong’s requirements again, Kator replied,
“Well, okay. It is a simple structure, so it shouldn’t take that long.”
“How long will it take?”
"Two days should be sufficient.”
Karma’s eyes widened again after hearing it would only take two days. They weren’t just normal greaves but magic greaves. Yet it would only take two days? It was unthinkable on the Enger Plains.
However, this was natural to In-gong. In-gong thought about his remaining merit points and asked,
“What materials would you recommend?”
"I could make it with dragon leather and scales.”
“Huh?”
In-gong was shocked by Kator’s words. Dragon leather and scales... They were the finest materials that In-gong couldn’t afford with his current merit points.
‘Is he joking right now?'
However, Kator was serious. He looked at Carack and Karma standing behind In-gong before saying in a slightly lowered voice.
"Some materials arrived this morning in the name of 9th Prince. It is enough to make your order.”
"Materials came in my name?”
"Yes, that’s right.”
This was common in Knight Saga. Zephyr’s supporters, including those from his mother’s family, often gave him presents.
However, a gift had come for Shutra?
'Perhaps the gandharva?’
Even though they were weak, they were the type of people capable of producing a queen. In-gong’s face was full of expectations.
“Can you tell me who sent it?”
Kator took a deep breath instead of replying, then he answered in a quiet voice,
"Ishgard.”
Carack and Karma’s eyes opened wide at the same time. Even the two of them, who were from remote areas, knew that name.
Sword Duke Ishgard:
A legend who represented an earlier era.
He didn’t belong to any of the queens’ families.
He was the paternal grandfather to all the children of the demon king;
An elder of the sura, the strongest combat species.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 63 - Chapter 10: Breakthrough
When talking about the strongest species in the Demon World, the first one to be mentioned were the dragons.
The dragons, king of all beasts and flying animals, were different from other species since the time of their birth. The dragon’s skin and leather were the finest armour and the intimidation and power that came from the dragon’s gigantic body were stronger than any other monster’s.
Just based on their body, they were the best species, but dragons also had powerful magic. Unlike other species that had to learn magic, a dragon learnt magic as naturally as breathing. It was said that dragons themselves were magic as they were born in magic and life.
Therefore, the dragon species was the strongest species. When talking about the average strength of a dragon, there was no species in the Demon World that surpassed it.
However, it was the sura, not dragons, who were called the strongest combat species in the Demon World.
The sura had fewer numbers.
They were born like the dragons and were no different from the other species.
However, among them, there were monsters that destroyed the limits.
Demon King Mitra.
Undeniably, he was the strongest presence in the Demon World.
Additionally, there was the elder sura who brought him up.
Before the demon king, Mitra, there was Ishgard who represented the previous era.
Not all sura were strong, unlike the dragons.
However, there were those among them who truly transcended the limits and that was why they were called the strongest combat species.
&
After finishing his order, In-gong left the smithy and sighed as soon as he reached his carriage. It was due to the excitement of the two people with him.
“Please calm down.”
Carack’s eyes were shining and it was the first time he had seen the usually calm orc like this. Meanwhile, the excited Karma was almost breathless.
Karma took deep breaths after In-gong’s words, but her face was still red. Panting slightly, she asked,
"Does the Sword Duke feel some favor toward Prince?”
Sword Duke Ishgard.
The walking legend who had many stories about him. He was one of the demon king’s teachers and the strongest of the sura until the demon king came along.
The fact that he was called the ‘Sword Duke’ explained what he was:
The Demon World’s best swordsman. In the Demon World, there was a legend that there was nothing he couldn’t cut with his sword.
It had been more than 20 years since he entered retirement, yet there were still many who remembered his name and legends, just like Carack and Karma in front of him.
The Sword Duke Ishgard had sent a gift to In-gong. Additionally, it was dragon leather and scales.
They weren’t things that could be sent easily, even for the Sword Duke. Dragon leather and scales were the finest materials that were hard to find in the Demon World.
"It is really reassuring if the Sword Duke is behind Prince.”
Carack said with a laugh while Karma nodded enthusiastically.
"Well, I hope so.”
It wouldn’t be too bad to have outside support. In this situation, if the sura were behind him, he wouldn’t be jealous of the others who had the support of their mother’s side.
However, he wondered why it had happened so suddenly. It was virtually impossible to receive the support of the sura in Knight Saga. In-gong wouldn’t have been surprised if it was from his mother’s family.
This was uncommon, so doubts were raised in the midst of his joy.
‘Is it just because the demon king showed interest?’
That was the simplest reason and, at the same time, it was also a good reason. It was true that the demon king was showing an unprecedented interest in In-gong.
It shouldn’t be surprising that Ishgard, the demon king’s master, showed interest in In-gong too.
Additionally, in retrospect, it wasn’t the same as receiving the sura’s whole support. Sword Duke Ishgard was just expressing a private interest. If so, anything could happen.
‘Ah, I don’t know. Anyway, it is good.’
Although it was confusing because it hadn’t happened in Knight Saga, it wasn’t strange if he looked at the reasons. So, it was good.
Moreover, this gift had been sent privately, so he wouldn’t receive any unnecessary attention from the other royal children.
"Shouldn’t you go and say thank you?”
"I’ll have to prepare.”
The problem was that no one knew where the Sword Duke lived. There were rumours after his retirement but no specific residence was ever revealed. The gift was sent to the smithy, so he didn’t have a way to say thank you or to give him a note.
‘If he is really interested, he will contact me again.’
In-gong organized his thoughts and turned his attention to something else.
‘Gandharva.’
He wondered what they were doing.
‘I have to investigate.’
He couldn’t ask Felicia, but he could use Carack in many ways. If Carack asked Daphne or Delia while saying it was his personal interest, In-gong could get some answers.
After reviewing all these considerations, In-gong took a deep breath and relaxed his posture. He wanted to soothe his weary mind and body.
‘I’m really looking forward to it.’
Greaves made of dragon leather and scales... they would turn out better than he had first imagined.
‘Won’t it be at least a B rank?’
No, it might be A rank.
In-gong smiled widely, followed by Carack and Karma. Green Wind felt isolated from the three people and thought of the praise she would receive after they returned. Naturally, all three of them would join in.
&
After returning to the mansion by carriage, In-gong headed immediately to the drawing room. He heard from Flora that Felicia had arrived.
He opened the door of the drawing room to see Felicia and Delia elegantly drinking tea.
Felicia nodded to In-gong and asked him,
"Did something good happen?”
“No, it is nothing.”
In-gong erased the wide smile from his face and sat down on the opposite side of Felicia, while Carack took a seat next to In-gong. Karma was about to stand but took courage from the fact that both Carack and Delia were sitting down and sat down in a corner.
Once everyone was seated, Felicia put down her cup and said,
“Delia has been doing research, but there isn’t much more information than what you should have heard from the Merits Department. It is best to just be thoroughly prepared before entering.”
The intermediate general, Kashubal, had been poisoned by toxic gases that leaked from underground and died.
It was hard to find out much more information from the Demon King’s Palace. In-gong nodded and Felicia leaned closer to him.
"Shutra, how much do you know about the Thunderdoom Fortress?”
It was a quiet voice. In-gong quickly realized why Felicia was acting like this. He had pretended not to know about ruins while finding the Thunder Light Anvil. She was curious if he was once again an expert on these ruins.
‘Having the same hobby is always valuable.’
In-gong gave a short laugh as he shrugged and replied,
“Aren't they the dwarves that fought dragons?”
“Huh? What does that mean? Fight a dragon? Didn’t the dwarves guard Enkidu’s treasures?”
Carack asked with wide eyes. Previously, Delia would have thought Carack was rude. However, now, Delia and Felicia just stared at Carack curiously.
"There are many dwarves. The Dwarf Kingdom, where Thunderdoom Fortress is, fought to defend their cities and treasures from dragons. In fact, they even knocked down a few dragons.”
Carack’s eyes widened even further at In-gong’s answer and declared with astonishment,
“K-killed dragons?”
He couldn’t believe it. In-gong was confused but Felicia instantly knew why Carack was reacting like this. She laughed and said,
"Carack, dragons are different from elder dragons. You can even call them different species altogether. It isn’t easy but dragons can be killed.”
Carack had seen the illusion of the Great Enkidu given by the Thunder Light Anvil. It was natural to be surprised if he thought that a dragon was the same as an elder dragon.
"Oh... Then Princess is also able to catch a dragon?”
Carack’s eyes shone as Felicia turned her gaze elsewhere. She covered her mouth with her fan and said in a low voice,
"Well, given enough time and budget...”
"She can’t catch it.”
"Shutra, I hate you.”
Felicia complained cutely while Delia and Karma both laughed.
After crushing Felicia’s pride, In-gong explained to Carack.
"It isn’t common to fight dragons. They aren’t elder dragons, but they are huge and excellent at magic. The Dwarf Kingdom, including Thunderdoom Fortress, was eventually destroyed fighting the dragons.”
"Huh, still, they are a manly race. I’ll have to see the dwarves again.”
He was burning with a strong fighting spirit.
Like Carack said, they were indeed a manly species.
'Thus, they were destroyed.’
In-gong swallowed the bittersweet tea that Flora served him.
Likewise, Felicia drank the tea before speaking again.
"Among the fortresses in the Dwarf Kingdom, the Thunderdoom Fortress is quite powerful. The name has been mentioned several times in Dwarf Kingdom-related artifacts. If we can excavate it properly, it will be a really big jackpot.”
Felicia’s eyes burned ambitiously and it was the same for In-gong.
‘Yes, it definitely is a big jackpot.’
Thunderdoom Fortress, one of the so-called honey pot dungeons of Knight Saga...
The fortress’ location hadn’t been known for a long time because the battle with the dragons had buried all the walls, including the entrance.
The dwarves hadn’t been prepared for migration, so many high quality items, gold and silver were piled up inside the fortress.
It was a difficult dungeon but the rewards were high.
Moreover, it had more value to In-gong now than it had in Knight Saga.
'The dragon slayer series of weapons.’
The dwarves of Thunderdoom Fortress had been experts in fighting dragons. They fought against the dragons until the end, so many in the army specialized in killing dragons.
Among them, the dragon slayers were special. They used special weapons that were deadly to dragons.
Zephyr had the blood of a dragon and a dragon humanoid. Assuming that he would face Zephyr one day, Thunderdoom Fortress was a place that he absolutely had to conquer.
‘I might also have to fight with Locke.’
Locke, the brave warrior who had the soul of a dragon... Similarly, the dragon slayer weapons were like a special drug.
It was a little bit strange, but it was also to protect himself. In-gong himself was a dragon humanoid. He would collect all weapons that could harm him in advance. In fact, he had done so when he played Zephyr.
'If I can’t get into Thunderdoom Fortress, Chris and Silvan will end up carrying dragon slayer weapons.’
In-gong nodded as he kept his thoughts to himself and Felicia smiled brightly.
The following afternoon:
After collecting the Dragon Scale Greaves from the smithy, In-gong’s party left the Demon King’s Palace.
Their destination was Thunderdoom Fortress.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 64 - Chapter 10: Breakthrough #2
[Dragon Scale Greaves]
[A Rank]
[Fire Resistance Lv3 Fire Absorption Lv3]
[Strength +5/ Agility increased by 10/ Feet damage increased by 5%]
[Greaves made of the leather and scales of a red dragon. Made from the leather of a red dragon that deals with fire, it not only boasts a strong fire resistance but can also absorb fire. The more fire you absorb, the more damage your feet will do.]
[Special Skill: Fire Strengthening]
[Every time the level of Fire Strengthening increases by one, your feet damage will rise by 5%. (Maximum level five - in the absence of no additional fire absorption, this level can be maintained for five minutes. After five minutes, the level is reduced back to level 0.)]
In-gong checked the greaves as he sat in the carriage headed to Thunderdoom Fortress.
After slowly reading the long sentences that popped up in the air, In-gong gave a delighted smile and attached the greaves to his shins.
“This is good.”
It was really good. The strength stat was a little weak for an A rank, but the increase in agility was beautiful. 10% was excellent. It meant that the ratio would keep increasing the more levels In-gong gained.
This alone was enough to make In-gong satisfied, but the greaves also had a special skill built into it.
‘Red dragon leather.’
Fortunately, the greaves weren’t red. Was it closer to a blackish red colour? The red dragons in Knight Saga were strange because most of them had a leather colour that was close to the primary colour, so In-gong was quite fortunate.
‘The fire can be recharged with Fire Arrow.’
It would be considerably hard work, but training would increase the level of Fire Arrow.
In-gong rubbed the greaves and imagined himself dealing a burning kick. Green Wind whispered to In-gong.
'Master, I am much better than the greaves.’
As it could cause problems, In-gong had already explained earlier to Felicia about the greaves as a green light emerged from White Eagle.
In-gong continued staring at the greaves and said,
"You aren’t White Eagle.”
‘It can be said that I am already one with White Eagle. White Eagle is excellent, so I am excellent.’
In-gong thought it was a strange logic. The translucent Green Wind sat on White Eagle and looked at him with discontent.
In-gong sighed without realising it.
"At first, I thought it was pretty cool, like something sacred.”
‘Master?’
"No, you are the best.”
In-gong touched White Eagle with the same hand he used to touch the greaves.
'Uhh, I feel bad again. Continue.’
Green Wind closed her eyes as he kept stroking her head.
Felicia, who was watching In-gong converse, gawked at White Eagle.
“Are you talking to Green Wind?”
“Yes, she is a little jealous.”
‘It isn’t jealousy. I just told the truth.’
In-gong gently stroked her head a little bit more and Green Wind fell silent. As her mood subsided, the green light coming from White Eagle became more subdued.
Felicia asked,
"Can we see her like you do?”
"It might be possible.”
Green Wind’s power was recovering quite fast after staying in White Eagle. Maybe it would soon be safe to materialize.
“How about Karma?”
Karma, who was sitting in a corner of the wagon, replied to In-gong in a distracted voice.
"I feel like I don’t want to see her.”
She wanted to see Green Wind, who was the guardian of Enger Plains, but felt like all her worshipful feelings would fly away.
"I understand.”
Carack clicked his tongue and lay a hand on Karma’s shoulder.
Felicia laughed and asked In-gong another question,
"Is that the new armour?”
“I like it. Moving in it doesn’t feel uncomfortable.”
It wasn’t the Dragon Scale Greaves, but it was a pretty good piece of leather armour he had bought from the Demon King’s Palace.
It was Rank B. The leather armour itself wasn’t light, but the weight reduction magic made him feel like he was wearing clothes. He also liked the magic that increased his stamina by 10%.
‘There is a variety of resistance properties.’
By default, there was resistance to fire, ice and lightning. It wasn’t as much as the Dragon Scale Greaves but it would reduce the damage of magic by quite a bit.
Felicia suddenly looked In-gong up and down.
“Aren’t you really well armed?”
The enchanted leather armour that he took from the armoury of the Demon King’s Palace.
The greaves made from the leather and scales of a red dragon.
The magic shield White Eagle that contained Green Wind.
Earth Quaker that had already proven its power several times.
The Tears of a Dark Elf that boasted absolute defense against mind magic…
"Yes. Don’t I just need a helmet now?”
In-gong responded playfully but his thoughts were completely different.
'Not yet.’
In-gong and Green Wind were the only ones aware that Earth Quaker and White Eagle both belonged to elder dragons.
In-gong was thinking of collecting all four remaining equipment of the elder dragons in the future and he wasn’t satisfied with only one accessory.
‘I’ll have to wear everything I can, including bracelets and earrings.’
He didn’t have any slot limits like in a game.
'That would suck.’
A king should be properly fitted with items.
He also planned to increase Carack and Karma’s combat power with items.
In-gong’s eyes burned with ambition.
On the other hand, Felicia knew of the materials that formed the Dragon Scale Greaves and she was looking at them.
She might be congratulating him or feeling jealous, but Felicia had a strong will as a ‘dark elf’. In-gong didn’t receive any support from his mother’s side, so she was glad that he was being helped by the sura’s side.
Moreover, it was a secret from Daphne and Delia as he had only told Felicia.
Felicia tapped her fan against her cheeks before bringing up a new topic.
"I will go over something before we arrive.”
Naturally, everyone's gaze moved toward Felicia. She stared at In-gong and explained,
"Shutra, you should know that there are two main ways of attacking dungeons. It is to push in with high numbers or breakthrough with a few elites.”
The first method was truly ignorant and cruel. As arrows were fired on the battlefield, they would literally push their troops into the body of the trap.
It was impossible for Felicia, who cared about her people, to use this method.
"It is obvious but we will breakthrough with a small number. The members will be limited to the people in this carriage.”
Felicia pointed to Delia who was sitting next to her.
"Delia will take the role of the guide. She had treasure hunter occupation, so she is good at discovering and disassembling traps.”
In a RPG, it would be the role of a thief.
After using Delia as an example, Felicia pointed to everyone in the carriage.
"Daphne will take the role of recovery and raise the abilities of the group, while I will take the role of support in the back. Shutra and Carack will protect us.”
“Understood.”
"Leave it to me.”
“And...”
Felicia glanced over at Karma. Karma was waiting for Felicia’s words with a look of anticipation.
Felicia thought about Karma’s role for a bit before declaring.
"I’ll ask you to protect Daphne. Stay by her side.”
“I understand. I'll work hard.”
Felicia finished distributing the roles and looked at In-gong again.
"The Thunderdoom Fortress hasn’t been properly revealed yet. General Kushbak died in the tunnel connecting the mine to the fortress, so any excavation work has been suspended.”
In other words, it meant there was almost no progress in the excavation.
"There isn’t a time limit, so we don’t have to hurry. This is essential for the strategy.”
Felicia glanced at Delia who pulled out a long bag from under her seat. She opened the lid and revealed several small oxygen masks made of black leather.
"What is this? Is it for that reason?”
Carack blinked with surprise and Felicia laughed as she took out a mask. It completely covered her nose and mouth like an emergency oxygen mask.
“It is a tool to block the toxic gases inside the mine. It has a detoxifying effect, so gases won’t be a problem if you wear it.”
Felicia pointed to the box and Carack carefully raised a mask to his face. Despite Carack’s face being completely larger than Felicia’s, it was possible to cover his nose and mouth with the mask.
Delia smiled at Carack before looking at In-gong.
"The official cause of death for Kashubal is being trapped and poisoned with toxic gases, but there are likely to be other things inside the fortress. I’ve made a list of things that we are likely to encounter near the fortress.”
Delia’s report had pictures and explanations for each creature.
In-gong already knew the names and weakness of the creatures that appeared in Thunderdoom, but the report was a type of confirmation.
‘It is similar.’
In-gong further explained the general weakness and strategies to be used against the monsters appearing in Thunderdoom Fortress. He could use the excuse of reading it in a book but no one questioned him.
Some time passed…
And the carriage stopped moving.
&
The mine that was connected to Thunderdoom was virtually abandoned due to the toxic gases coming from underground.
General Kashubal had died here, so it was difficult for anyone to approach.
'Why did that happen?’
Were the toxic gases more serious than he had thought?
In-gong was the representative of this mission but he didn’t have to deal with everything. Felicia handled the remaining forces of the 27th expedition still stationed her, while Delia invested General Kashubal once again.
In-gong left it to the experts and retired to his accommodation to rest.
And the next morning.
Felicia finished explaining to the local caretakers and the 27th expedition about the general excavation plan and explained that dark elves were scheduled to visit later. Then she headed to In-gong who was waiting to enter the mine.
“Let’s go.”
Unlike her normal exposed clothes, Felicia wore leather clothes similar to Shutra and the mask. There were many pockets in her clothes so they seemed to be dungeon exploration clothes.
The party entered the mine, with Delia in the lead holding a light. It was a straight path so there was no need for a local guide.
The fact that the toxic gases were thick and reached their waists made him think that it was a result of many experiments.
Thanks to the masks prepared by Felicia, they could breathe easily.
But Felicia was still alert. Instead of going deeper, she made Delia move forward and experimented with the stability of the masks near the entrance.
After walking down a gentle slope for approximately 50 metres, a huge hole was revealed. It was the entrance connected to Thunderdoom Fortress.
Delia looked at In-gong and Felicia once before entering the hole. At first, it seemed to be a cramped cave but then a large space appeared.
"I think it is over there.”
In the midst of the dense fog made of poisonous gases, Felicia pointed to a hole that was far away.
In-gong checked the mini-map and nodded. Thunderdoom Fortress were definitely beyond that hole.
The destination was right in front of them so the footsteps of the party quickened. And just as they were half-way across the space.
Carack abruptly stopped moving. Delia, who was leading, grabbed her chest like it was painful while Karma and Daphne leaned forward and gasped for breath.
Felicia was the fastest to respond to this simultaneous collapse. She opened her arms and cast a spell.
"The wind!"
The wind around Felicia pushed away the heavy toxic gases. However, it was useless. The gas returned before Felicia could cast another spell and she sat down with a moan.
Then the toxic gases suddenly changed. No, a new toxic gas was added to the existing ones.
Delia couldn’t endure it any longer and fell down. Karma grabbed Daphne and sat down while Carack fell to his knees.
The toxic gas filling the area changed from grey to dark yellow. And while the toxic gases were changing, bodies emerged.
Their arms were long and their hands were in a bent posture. Yellow eyes shone in the darkness as their bodies were all black.
There were six of them. One of them watched the party collapsed on the ground and raised his hand. The other five started to move at the same time. Their hands were all holding bone daggers.
And the moment that the first man reached Delia.
Kwang!
A white aura exploded among the yellow poisonous gas. The white aura had a green trail as it moved.
Kakakang!
Two of them fell to the ground with a sharp noise. White Eagle struck their heads in succession while In-gong moved.
By the time White Eagle had a new goal, In-gong had already reached the fourth person. Rather than letting the man open his mouth to scream, In-gong delivered a sharp uppercut.
The man crashed into the ground. There were two remaining. White Eagle took care of one of them. In-gong moved towards the man who raised his hand in the beginning. It was an explosive movement caused by Divine Beast Authority.
“H-how?”
The one person left was astonished. Five of his men had collapsed in a matter of seconds.
Even the intermediate general of the Demon King’s Palace lost his combat strength and died from this. Yet there was someone who moved freely through the poison!
"It is because I am the protagonist.”
[Protagonist Body Lv2]
[Additional effects: Hundred Poisons Resistance Lv1.]
[Poison resistance is greatly increased.]
In-gong’s fist struck his face.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 65 - Chapter 10: Breakthrough #3
Generally, being marked with hundreds or thousands had the connotation of ‘many.’
It wasn’t a skill that blocked a hundred types of poisons like the name implied. It was a skill that allowed the person to survive by increasing resistance to poisons.
In-gong took down the final man. 
It was impossible for him to completely invalidate the poison using Hundred Poisons Resistance. His fingers were shaking and his breathing was becoming difficult.
"Cure Poison."
In-gong used the magic on himself. It was a recovery spell he had acquired when he used an absurd excuse on Felicia.
Unlike Fire Arrow and Heal, he didn’t have much opportunity to use Cure Poison, so it was only level one. However, it worked quite well. Maybe it was due to his high magic control.
In-gong’s breathing calmed down. He was curious about the identities of those who had attacked, but it was more important to secure the safety of the party.
“Green Wind.”
Once In-gong called, White Eagle flew through the air and landed on his left arm. It was at that moment.
“Kiaack!”
The man in front of In-gong rolled over and opened his mouth. An ugly sound emerged from him.
‘Master?’
The ground convulsed. No, it was the ceiling. In-gong realized that the roof was starting to fall.
Magic? Explosion? A sign to other enemies hiding? Or was it just a coincidence?
It didn’t matter the reason. In-gong turned his head and saw that the entrance was starting to fall. He reached out to Felicia and Delia who were lying on the ground.
“Green Wind!”
The meaning of his words was obvious. White Eagle flew away from In-gong’s left arm and spread out the white metal wings to increase the defense range. In that state, it flew towards Carack, Karma and Daphne and stayed above their heads.
Then In-gong ran. He held Felicia and Delia in one hand each and ran toward the hole leading to Thunderdoom Fortress. He threw the two people as hard as he could when he reached the end.
Felicia and Delia rolled like broken marionettes and disappeared into the hole. The height of the hole wasn’t too high, so In-gong turned around straight away. Stones had already started to drop all over the place.
‘Master!’
Green Wind shouted. A huge rock was shaking on top of White Eagle. If it fell off White Eagle, it would crush everyone at once.
‘Dragon Blood!’
In-gong activated the power hurriedly. As the distance compressed, the force at which he pushed off almost crushed the floor.
Concentration.
The change in the flow of time was relative. In-gong saw another falling rock and made another leap. He urgently gathered aura on his fist and made it explode!
Kwang!
The rock on top of White Eagle shattered completely. However, it wasn’t over. The rock broke into pieces and scattered randomly due to the explosion. Some of them fell toward Carack’s and Karma’s head, but White Eagle moved and blocked them properly.
As soon as he landed on the ground, In-gong reached out again. The entrance was already blocked by rocks. The shaking of the ceiling was increasing.
In-gong grabbed Karma and Daphne. He left Carack behind as he sped toward the hole.
‘Master!’
Green Wind called out to In-gong. There wasn’t time for another return trip.
In-gong didn’t stop. Rather than going back to save Carack, he threw Karma and Daphne into the hole and shouted while raising his left arm.
“Green Wind!”
It was a command to return. Green Wind was shocked as she flew above Carack but couldn’t resist. She shot across the rocks and returned to In-gong.
‘Master!’
In-gong ignored her call that was filled with disappointment and anger and turned toward the hole. Then he cried out once again,
“Carack!”
The King's Knights- Call!
Carack jumped across the space. He appeared in the air in front of In-gong and fell to the ground. The height of the hole was higher than he thought, but the shock wasn’t great because he had Carack as a cushion.
In-gong rolled again and raised his body. Then there was a huge roar like it had been waiting.
Kwakakakakakang!
He knew just by the sound. It wasn't a simple collapse. It was intense enough to completely collapse the connection between the mine and Thunderdoom Fortress.
In-gong breathed out roughly. The hole he just passed through was completely blocked. If he had been even a few seconds late, both In-gong and Carack would have lost their lives.
‘Master, are you okay?’
‘I'm sorry. I thought badly of you.’
In-gong nodded a few times before raising his left arm to White Eagle. He avoided the collapse but the poison still remained. He had to hurry and use first aid.
In-gong gathered the lighting devices of his party members to make the surroundings brighter. Carack was the heaviest and the most difficult one to move.
'I have to treat Felicia first.’
Felicia knew detoxification magic, so it was the most reasonable choice. In-gong used Cure Poison and removed Felicia’s mask. The air inside the fortress was murky but there were no problems with toxic gases.
“Once again, Cure Poison.”
The level of Cure Poison was low, so he had to use it more than once. In-gong used Cure Potion three times before pulling out potions from his inventory. They were all received as rewards for his merit level.
In-gong opened Felicia’s mouth and poured a stamina recovery potion inside. He didn’t wait for an effect and opened an awakening potion.
As the name suggested, it was a potion that restored the consciousness. It was best to wake up naturally, but he had no time to wait. In-gong apologized to Felicia before pouring the awakening potion in.
“Keook!”
Felicia’s eyes flashed open as she sat forward. It was so painful that she frowned and tried to hold back the nausea.
In-gong patted Felicia’s back and asked,
“Noona, are you okay? Do you feel strange?”
“Sh-utra?”
Felicia gazed at In-gong with half-hooded eyes. Due to the stimulus effect of the awakening potion, her mind wasn’t completely back.
However, In-gong couldn’t afford to let Felicia recover naturally. He quickly told Felicia who was still catching her breath.
“Everybody is poisoned. We have to hurry and treat them.”
Felicia looked at the people next to her and understood the situation. She stretched out and laughed.
"You are relentless.”
“Sorry.”
Felicia cast a magic spell on Carack who was closest, while In-gong headed toward Karma who was lying at the very end.
It was really a struggle. After using the detoxification magic and making their drink potions, In-gong confirmed that everyone was okay and collapsed on the ground where Felicia was already sitting.
Felicia lay down and watched Carack.
“Carack has a lot of injuries. There isn’t anything serious but... his abdomen isn’t good.”
In-gong looked at Carack. His body was scratched from the rocks and there was something on his abdomen that looked like a footprint.
In-gong was reminded of the moment he landed on top of Carack and nodded.
“Yes.”
‘Master?’
Green Wind asked with censure in her voice but In-gong once again didn’t reply.
Felicia raised her upper body forcefully and asked In-gong,
"What happened?”
She had no memories after falling due to the toxic gas. In-gong explained as briefly as possible.
Six monsters appeared after the group collapsed.
A massive cave-in had occurred when one of them screamed.
Felicia touched her forehead like it was sore.
In-gong lied that the reason for his resistance to the toxic gas was White Repair, but she ignored it because now wasn’t the time to consider it.
There was something else more important to Felicia.
“They are all dead?”
"Unfortunately."
In-gong hadn’t killed them because there was no time and he also wanted to interrogate them.
Yet they had died due to the cave-in. He didn’t know if the scream had caused the collapse or if it was just a signal to cause the collapse, but they were dead.
The last man had thrown away his life to kill In-gong’s party.
“Those guys killed General Kashubal?”
"It is most likely.
An intermediate general of the Demon King’s Palace wasn’t invincible. He was resistant to poison thanks to the strong body of a draconian but that only lasted to a certain extent.
'Moreover... It might not have been the same as us.’
Frankly speaking, the black unidentified people that appeared had been too weak. It was possible that other people had appeared to take care of General Kashubal.
This time, In-gong was the one who asked a question.
"Do you have any guesses on who they are?”
"There is no basis, so I can’t guess.”
The identities of those people. Why did they attack people from the Demon King’s Palace twice?
In-gong was reminded of Balkarova who he encountered on Enger Plains. Just like the six men, Balkarova was a monster that didn’t appear in Knight Saga.
What was going on? Was there a third power that hadn’t appeared in Knight Saga?
If they did exist, what benefits would they get from this? Interfering with attempts to excavate Thunderdoom Fortress? Or some other purpose?
Felicia sighed for a long time. She spoke to In-gong while her eyes remained closed.
“Shutra, you are in charge of this mission. I will follow your decision. We now have three paths.”
The road back was blocked and the group was now in the fortress. In-gong also came up with three ways.
"First of all, we just wait here.”
That wasn’t good. The outside didn’t know about the circumstances of In-gong’s party. Right now, there was a possibility of giving up due to the cave-in. Even if they pierced through, it would require some time.
“Secondly, go to the entrance of Thunderdoom Fortress.”
This was also dismissed.
The entrance to Thunderdoom Fortress had collapsed completely. Machines were required to get rid of the huge stacks of rocks in front of the entrance.
In Knight Saga, they had started digging at the entrance and entered Thunderdoom Fortress using it. However, In-gong’s party entered through this passage connected to the mine, so of course the entrance remained tightly sealed.
"Thirdly, pierce into the very centre of Thunderdoom Fortress and gain control of it.”
It was a dwarf fortress, so it was likely that a transfer formation existed. It was like the portal they had found in the dwarf cave in the Jishuka Mountains as well as the dungeon where the Thunder Light Anvil had been, which Felicia had discovered after the battle with the Red Lightning tribe was over.
‘Yes, definitely.’
Moreover, there would be more than one way to get out if they reached the center.
Although the method and timing was different, Thunderdoom Fortress was still Thunderdoom Fortress. In-gong said with a lively smile,
"As always, isn’t the third option the best?”
“Perhaps.”
There would be third parties, dungeon guardians and various traps inside the fortress, but even so, they couldn’t just sit here and wait for help to come.
“Then let’s prepare to move.”
If a crowd of people came to investigate the noise, they would most likely run to this place.
In-gong stood up and reached out to Felicia, who laughed and grabbed In-gong’s hand.
It was different from planned, but it was time to break into Thunderdoom Fortress.
&
"My stomach hurts.”
TL Note: Some people seem to have missed it or forgotten, but Hundred Poisons Resistance is actually a skill that showed up a while back. So it wasn’t something that he randomly acquired in the last chapter after being exposed to poison.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 66 - Chapter 10: Breakthrough #4
Many things were necessary to break into a dungeon.
There needed to be a sufficient amount of food, water, weapons, trap detection and the combat power to defeat the dungeon guardians and monsters.
Additionally, there was one thing that was easy to overlook, even though it was very important.
Securing the right lighting.
The dungeons were dark. Most dungeons were underground and of course, they didn’t even have windows for sunlight to come through. Many dungeons had lighting devices or torches installed, but there were large gaps between the installed devices.
Thunderdoom Fortress was dark. It had been hundreds of years since the dwarves lived in the fortress, so having magic lights pour from the ceiling... that was already in the past.
As a specialist in ruins exploration, Felicia had prepared quite a few lighting fixtures. There were shining rods that could be called small flashlights while Delia at the front and Carack at the end were given glowing fist-sized stones. It emitted a very strong light that was able to stretch out 10 meters in every direction.
Currently, the only thing missing for the party was a sufficient amount of food and water. They hadn’t brought a lot of food because they were going to come back after getting a glimpse of the fortress.
"My stomach hurts.”
Carack caressed his belly as he sat down. In-gong was paying attention to Green Wind and replied vaguely,
“Aren’t you just hungry?”
"Uhh, I am also hungry.”
It had been three hours since they broke into Thunderdoom Fortress. They had been walking around for two hours despite being exhausted by the awakening potion.
Thunderdoom Fortress was big. It was a fortified city, not a mere fortress like the place where the Thunder Light Anvil was hidden, so the scale was really great.
‘But it is a range that can be explored in a day.’
Thunderdoom Fortress was a place built by digging into the mountains. There were various traps, monsters and dungeon guardians, but they should be able to explore from beginning to end in a few hours.
For the past two hours, In-gong’s party had encountered two trap rooms and two groups of dungeon monsters. If there was one attribute about it being a fortified city, it was the fact that the traps were less meaningful.
After all, this was a place where people lived. The more traps that were laid, the harder it was to live.
‘Fortunately, we haven’t met anyone else.’
He wondered about the questionable people in the fortress.
In-gong checked the minimized mini-map once again. In-gong’s group was currently located at the back of the Thunderdoom Fortress.
He hadn’t memorized all the dungeon maps that appeared in Knight Saga.
However, if he remembered the important points, the story would be different.
'If I go straight, there will be a turning point.’
Indeed, there were two paths leading to the control room of Thunderdoom Fortress. One way was short but was a literal trap field, while the other path took a long time because it passed through the settlements but had few traps.
"Your Highness, do you really not need to draw a map?”
Daphne asked carefully from a corner where she was drinking a mana potion. She had no experience in dungeon exploration, but she was well aware of the important of cartography when exploring a dungeon.
However, nobody was making a map despite the fact that they were exploring a strange dungeon. She was forced to feel uneasy.
However, unlike Daphne, everyone else had relaxed expressions. In-gong nodded and said,
"Yes, don't worry because everything is in my head.”
She became more uneasy after hearing him speak so confidently.
Felicia said with a smile,
"It might seem ridiculous, but it is the truth. I don’t know about other things, but you can trust him regarding maps.”
"You don’t know about other things?”
Felicia shrugged and giggled at In-gong’s incredulous question.
“Anyway, it is a waste. I wanted to investigate properly.”
Right now, the party was just advancing unconditionally. They walked passed the everyday products of dwarf life as well as the art and architectural style. Felicia was interested in ruins, so it was very regrettable for her.
"Well, you can come back later.”
“Even so. I didn’t think that it would be like this.”
She had expected some difficulties, but she had never imagined that they would be attacked and trapped inside the fortress.
Carack nodded.
"Well, that’s right. Things turned out like this. Prince always ends up getting caught up in something unexpected.”
“Yes.”
It really seemed like it.
The swamp mammoths had shown up unexpectedly with the Red Lightning tribe while monsters with purple aura had appeared in the casios subjugation. It was also true for their reconnaissance of the northern part of the Enger Plains. They had been surrounded by monsters unexpectedly and had been almost killed.
It wasn’t just the missions that were unexpected. Both of his court gatherings weren’t common.
In-gong recalled everything that had happened in the past. The translucent Green Wind appeared above White Eagle and asked,
'Master, is it really like that?’
In-gong laughed bitterly instead of answering. Even though it was true, he didn’t like it being brought up like this.
‘Are these things due to Protagonist Correction?’
In-gong unwittingly opened the skill window to check.
“But... we were able to handle the unexpected events thanks to Your Highness. I would already be dead if it wasn’t for Your Highness.”
In-gong wasn’t just the cause. They were able to resolve the unexpected situations thanks to In-gong.
Delia said so with a smile and Felicia nodded in agreement, with Daphne and Karma following suit.
In-gong looked at Delia with a touched expression before turning his gaze towards Carack and Green Wind.
"My stomach hurts.”
'I am always on Master’s side.’
In-gong couldn’t help laughing at the both of them. It was at that moment...
The darkness vanished in an instant. Bright light poured from the ceiling, not only the room where In-gong’s party was but all over the fortress. This was followed by sharp sirens.
Carack, Daphne and Kama sprang up at the sudden change. In-gong, Felicia and Delia were also astonished but the three people thought of something else.
Lights turned on and emergency sirens started ringing. It was a situation that would happen in a fortress or a city, not a small dungeon. Additionally, this situation didn’t happen very often.
It occurred when the most important facility in the ruin was attacked or when a guardian, with a rank that could affect the entire ruin, was attacked.
In-gong and Felicia looked at each other. It was obvious that they both had the same thoughts.
Someone was attacking the dungeon.
They had just arrived at the most important facility or had started a battle with the highest ranked dungeon guardian.
It must be the people who attacked In-gong’s party.
‘The purpose of those guys was to capture Thunderdoom Fortress?'
Did they ambush General Kashubal and In-gong’s party so that their fortress attack wouldn’t be hindered?
It was plausible, although he wasn’t certain.
General Kashubal had died a fortnight ago. If so, they had at least a fortnight to attack Thunderdoom Fortress.
Then why did they wait until now?
It wouldn’t have taken so long unless they were looking in every room and exploring the fortress like Felicia wanted to do.
There was something more. It was clear there was something that In-gong didn’t know about.
'And that is their purpose.’
What if their goal wasn’t to capture the fortress but to find something? Perhaps they were after the dragon slayer series of weapons, like In-gong?
‘Ascalon.’
It was the most powerful dragon slayer weapon sleeping in Thunderdoom Fortress. In-gong absolutely had to get his hands on it in this mission.
In-gong finished organizing his thoughts. He couldn’t sit still while those people were acting.
“Shutra.”
Felicia looked at In-gong. Once again, it was clear that she was thinking the same thing as In-gong.
“Breaking through with force.”
Felicia nodded at In-gong’s words. Delia was also prepared to fight as she put away all the lighting devices.
In-gong glanced around the party and quickly commanded,
"Carack, raise your shield and lead the way. Just keep running forward. Karma will bring Daphne. Felicia noona and Delia will defend the sides.”
Until now, they had dismantled the traps one by one, but it would be different now.
Breaking through the traps. They had to do this despite the risks to their bodies.
Carack couldn’t help but laugh as he grasped his shield tightly with both hands. Delia and Felicia stood right behind Carack, followed by Karma who was holding Daphne.
“Green Wind.”
In-gong raised his left arm and White Eagle flew to it. It would fly around the party and bridge all the gaps in their defense.
“I will try it.”
Felicia grinned and called her wind spirit. She gave up on all her other magic and only focused on the wind spirit. The wind spirit became a powerful gust of air as it responded to Felicia.
Carack’s side was defending the front. Felicia’s wind was defending the sides. White Eagle flew above their heads and filled in for any gaps.
Daphne added various support magic, while In-gong was armed with the dwarf dagger in order to trigger Below the King’s Flag.
"This is the first time I am targeting a dungeon in this way.”
It was an ignorant and reckless manner, but Felicia couldn’t help smiling at the new challenge.
“Go.”
In-gong cried out and Carack breathed in deeply. He released a long breath and moved.
"Run!"
“Kuraha!”
Carack rushed forward. Like a train, the party followed suit. In-gong kept an eye on the mini-map and directed Carack.
Kakakang!
Not long after, arrows poured in from the front. Carack didn’t stop moving and the arrows rained down on his shield.
"Karaha!"
There were also arrows from the side, but the wind spirit didn’t allow this. Almost all the arrows were swept away by the wind while the ones still headed towards the party were blocked by White Eagle.
Carack went down the short path with a lot of traps. At that moment, flames poured down from the ceiling.
"Don't stop!"
In-gong shouted as a green light came from White Eagle...
The shield that guarded the heads of the party. The range that wasn’t covered by White Eagle was once again protected by the wind spirit. The strong winds twisted the course of the flames and even redirected the path of acids pouring down.
Carack ran as hard as he could. He was slightly of breath but In-gong had no thoughts about stopping him.
"Full Charge!"
Daphne cast a strong stamina regeneration spell from Karma’s back. Rather than restoring wounds, it was a stamina recovery magic that stabilized Carack’s breathing and gave new power to his legs.
“Hoeeeh!”
Carack moaned as he looked in front of his shield. This time, flames were pouring from the front.
Carack cursed and gave a battle cry at the same time. He tackled the wave of flames head on and opened the path.
“Oatatata!”
"Full Charge!"
Arrows, fire, javelins and so on poured towards the party. Daphne used the spell Full Charge whenever they were exhausted.
They couldn’t become tired while rushing through the traps.
Not just Carack, but everyone in the party had the same determination. However, in the midst of this, In-gong thought of something else.
'The traps are still active!’
This meant the 3rd party didn’t take this path.
“Run! Carack! Run!”
“Ohhh!”
"Full Charge!"
Daphne used her fifth Full Charge. The magic shield from the Demon King’s Palace was a mess. Daphne was becoming exhausted despite being on Karma’s back and Felicia was strained as she kept operating the wind spirit. Regardless, the party was able to maintain the momentum of a runaway train. They weren’t far from their goal.
The advantage of the traps was that there weren’t many dungeon monsters. The monsters that they did see didn’t think about rushing into the traps to fight them.
In fact, this was the nice thing about rushing recklessly. However, it would be the end if there was a trap on the ground. Fortunately, In-gong knew that there were no ground traps on this path and Felicia also disregarded it. It was because ground traps weren’t common for dwarves.
Some time passed.
As Daphne used her final Full Charge and fainted from the lack of magic power, the party reached a big door.
"Kuha, heo... ker.”
Carack gave a bizarre moan and removed his shield. Thanks to Full Charge, his breathing was stable, but his heart felt like it was going to burst due to the psychological problems.
Karma was barely able to stand on her two legs while Felicia’s arms were trembling. Delia looked back at In-gong.
"Your Highness.”
"Yes, it is probably here.”
He was sure of it. He had seen the entrance to the control room a few times in Knight Saga.
'Did the dungeon guardian go to support the battle?’
There was supposed to be a gargoyle protecting the entrance to the control room. In-gong gritted his teeth. He guessed where the gargoyle had gone.
‘Indeed, Ascalon.’
In Thunderdoom Fortress, Ascalon was embedded in the chest of the black dragon Partizan.
Partizan’s body was located in the central plaza. The highest ranked guardian was also there.
‘Master, it is too hard.’
In-gong gentle touched White Eagle on his left arm in order to soothe the whining Green Wind and opened the door to the control room.
He felt dizzy in the very large room. The last day of Thunderdoom Fortress had been very confusing, so everything was a mess.
In the centre of the room was a large sphere on a desk along with a dwarf helmet on top of some bones. It was Sarabal, the last captain of Thunderdoom Fortress.
Sarabal was seriously injured in the battle with the dragons, so he remained in the control room while the other dwarves escaped. It was clear that he had controlled Thunderdoom Fortress until his very last breath.
After a short moment of silence, Felicia withdrew the control key from Sarabal’s hand. It was the first time she had been to Thunderdoom Fortress, but she had explored dwarf ruins several times and knew what to do.
The small metal rod shaped controlled was inserted into a hole beneath the large sphere and she inserted magic power. A large blue light emerged from the sphere and spread out in front of the party.
"There is a fight.”
The window of light showed the dungeon guardians of Thunderdoom Fortress confronting the people that he saw in the tunnel. Beyond that was the body of a giant black dragon.
The number of people fighting was roughly 100.
Felicia gazed at In-gong and he nodded.
It was a chance they could take advantage of.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 67 - Chapter 10: Breakthrough #5
TL Note: As some people said, the name is probably Ascalon instead of Askaron so I have changed it.
Thunderdoom Fortress hadn’t been the last fortress of the Dwarf Kingdom. Thus, the record of how Thunderdoom Fortress was destroyed and by whom was passed on to later generations.
Black Dragon Partizan.
He had been huge, greedy and wicked and had been the most active dragon in the war against the Dwarf Kingdom.
His strategy had been simple.
Knock against the fortress until it collapsed.
Partizan had gathered an enormous number of monsters and attacked Thunderdoom Fortress. According to the records of the Dwarf Kingdom, the number was close to 100,000- although there were a few who doubted the authenticity of this due to the distinctive dwarf bravado. Actually, it was commonly accepted among scholars that the number was closer to 20,000-30,000.
The Dwarf Kingdom’s strongest Fortress, Thunderdoom Fortress, blocked the first attack well.
However, there was a problem from then on.
The black dragon, Partizan, was a powerful warrior and magician. He was an outstanding necromancer and revived all the dead monsters for a second attempt.
To his surprise, Thunderdoom Fortress managed to endure this second attack as well. The undead swarming Thunderdoom Fortress were destroyed and couldn’t be resurrected again.
The dwarves had achieved two great victories but couldn’t rejoice. This was because Partizan’s third attack began, like everything before it had just been nonsense.
Partizan and his previous attacks had been enough to weaken Thunderdoom Fortress.
The outer wall of Thunderdoom Fortress collapsed. Partizan and his monsters penetrated the fortress where the dwarves had been ready for him. All the dwarves of Thunderdoom Fortress, both young and old, had been gathered in the central plaza with their weapons.
From the vanguard, Partizan, a dragon of the greatest species, slaughtered many dwarves like they were insects.
Then Partizan was killed. Maybe it was because his eyes were covered by excessive pride.
He’d had a showdown with Tiny Spark, one of the most powerful warriors in Thunderdoom Fortress and the strongest weapon pierced Partizan’s chest.
The dragon spear, Ascalon.
Among the Dwarf Kingdom’s series of dragon slayer weapons, it was the name of the one that led to Partizan’s death. Although the brave Tiny Spark was shattered by the magic Partizan used before his death, he had just burst into joyous laughter instead of pained screams.
Partizan died and his troops started an insane rampage after losing their master.
The dwarves were forced to abandon Thunderdoom Fortress. The small number of survivors left for other cities through the dwarf portal and Thunderdoom Fortress became a huge graveyard with the corpses of numerous dwarves and Partizan buried there.
"So, in the end, the spear piercing Partizan’s chest is called Ascalon?”
“Perhaps.”
In-gong nodded slowly as he gazed at Partizan’s body on the screen. According to his estimates, the body was roughly 30 meters long. Although it wasn’t equivalent for an elder dragon that was several hundred metres long, he could be called a true ‘monster.’
There was something white and long stuck in the chest of the dead body. It was clearly the dragon spear, Ascalon, a masterpiece of the dragon slayer series.
Felicia narrowed her eyes and said,
"If they are fighting like that, their purpose might be Ascalon.”
He wasn’t sure. From the outset, there were many uncertain points about this attack. Just like In-gong, Felicia was unable to fight an answer as to why this attack had begun.
However, it was a possibility. Felicia spoke decisively.
“We obviously can’t give Ascalon to unidentified people. Not only did they kill general and soldiers of the Demon King’s Palace, they also aimed for our lives. We can’t let them achieve their purpose.”
Their number exceeded 100 people but In-gong didn’t care. From the beginning, it hadn’t been necessary to engage in an all-out war with them.
In-gong gazed at the dungeon guardians on the screen and asked,
“Noona, can you get control of the dungeon guardians?”
He couldn’t try it in Knight Saga but reality was different.
However, Felicia shook her head.
“It is hard. This situation is different from the Thunder Light Anvil. Currently, the highest ranked dungeon guardian... is the big dwarf golem over there. It seems like all the people who have authority over it are dead.”
Everyone’s gazes headed toward the huge golem that was in the centre of the screen. It was six times the height of an ordinary dwarf and was made of a silver metal. It was leading the fight with a hammer in one hand and a shield in the other.
As Felicia said, if all those with the authority over it had died, then she wouldn’t be able to control the guardian even if she used the control room.
Daphne had already fainted, so there was no reaction from her, but Karma’s expression darkened.
Felicia smiled at Karma before looking back at In-gong.
"There is an idea we can consider. It would be good to jump in at the appropriate moment.”
The best case was if the dungeon guardians and the third party were destroyed at the end of the battle. It was the best scenario if they could get rid of the survivors and acquire the remains of Thunderdoom Fortress, including Ascalon.
The dungeon guardians wouldn’t stop fighting until the people were destroyed.
However, it seemed like those people were likely to win when looking at the immediately situation.
“Shutra, what do you think?”
At Felicia’s question, In-gong looked back at the highest ranked guardian on the screen. It was the last boss of Thunderdoom Fortress in Knight Saga, but this time, he didn’t have to fight it.
"I’ll get some insurance first.”
"Insurance?"
"Insurance."
In-gong lifted his left arm that was equipped with White Eagle.
&
The battle between the guardians and the third party was really intense.
The dungeon guardians were intense and fearless despite the past, in which the dragons had left them with one tenth of their original number.
The highest ranked guardian wielded a hammer that shot out thunderbolts while the gargoyle guardians fired a powerful energy mass.
The third party wasn’t just standing there helplessly. Unlike the ones who had attacked In-gong, these people had real power. There were some big ogre-like people and some who used magic.
The surprising thing was that they had some dungeon monsters native to Thunderdoom Fortress under their control. Those people obviously had certain artifacts that could control powerful monsters.
It was a splendid and spectacular fight. The battlefield had been ruined by hundreds of years of fighting and the remains of the dwarves added a solemn and desolate air to it.
However, In-gong’s party focused on something other than the fight.
In-gong was currently hiding in a corner of the central plaza. Delia remained in the control room with Daphne while Felicia, Carack and Karma had come with In-gong.
In-
gong
 took deep breaths before looking at his companions. Felicia sighed like it couldn’t be helped and knocked against In-gong’s shoulder lightly.
“It is really reckless. This might be obvious but be careful.”
“Don’t worry.”
In-gong replied with a laugh then looked at Karma when she spoke.
"I wish Your Highness luck.”
"Come back safely.”
Carack was as blunt as always, but that bluntness made In-gong feel comfortable this time.
“I’ll be right back.”
In-gong responded lightly before using Protection of the Wind. Right now, what he needed weren't explosive movements but agile and quiet ones.
In-gong looked at the mini-map and divided the battlefield in two.
One was the battleground where the dungeon guardians and the third party were together.
The other was where the dungeon guardians were behind the black dragon, Partizan.
In-gong’s destination was the body of Partizan.
'I have to take Ascalon.’
The most important purpose of attacking Thunderdoom Fortress was to secure Ascalon.
If he could secure Arkaroola, he could take advantage of the flow of the battlefield.
If the dungeon guardians won, he wouldn’t have to fight. If the third party won, he would wipe out the remnants. If the third party won by a narrow margin, he would fight. However, if that didn’t happen, he could just withdraw. At the very least, he could make them seem like dogs chasing after chickens.
In-gong moved his body quickly. The sound of the highest ranked guardian’s thunderbolts covered any sound In-gong made.
In-gong zigzagged and took cover as he advanced until he eventually reached Partizan’s body. Involuntarily, he swallowed his saliva.
Not only was he enormous, the colour of Partizan’s body was so vivid that it didn’t seem like he died hundreds of years ago. He seemed like he was alive and moving.
Obviously, he couldn’t be compared to an elder dragon who had the grandeur of a mountain. However, he discovered why the word ‘dragon’ could cause fear.
In-gong calmed his heart and climbed aboard Partizan’s body. As he arrived at the chest area, he found the top of Ascalon.
Ascalon wasn’t a simple spear. Rather, the end was closer to a ballista arrow or a giant lance.
In-gong grabbed the handle of Ascalon without thinking.
Simple muscle strength was needed. Instead of invoking Dragon Blood which could potentially stimulate Ascalon, In-gong gritted his teeth and concentrated his aura on both arms. He also invested some additional points into strength.
There was the sound of thunder. The screams of the third party shook the central plaza. Among all the noise, In-gong swallowed a groan. At least, the spear was lifted and Ascalon started to show its appearance.
A white spear. Despite being embedded in the body of a dragon for a long time, it had maintained its pristine beauty.
There were complex golden patterns carved on it. It was a spell to attack a dragon, the core of the dragon slayer series.
In-gong grabbed the spear length instead of the handle and pulled using the last of his strength. He liberated Ascalon from the body of Partizan.
Felicia and Karma exclaimed breathlessly while Carack looked at the battlefield with nervous eyes.
[Ascalon]
[A masterpiece of the Dragon Slayer series]
[A huge spear that destroyed the heart of the black dragon Partizan. It contains all the grudges and anger of the dwarves of Thunderdoom Fortress.
Instead of looking at the options, In-gong hurriedly moved from Partizan’s chest. It was because he sensed an abnormality when Ascalon was pulled out.
‘Master!’
In-gong remained silent as Green Wind shouted loudly. Instead of answering, In-gong placed Ascalon in the inventory. He would worry about making excuses to Felicia later. The important thing was acquiring Ascalon safely.
Kwakakaka!
The sound wasn’t due to the highest ranked guardian’s thunder. It was coming from the black dragon, Partizan. Partizan’s body, which had been preserved for hundreds of years, was finally liberated. The flesh faded and the bones weakened like it suddenly experienced hundreds of years. Partizan’s body crumpled with a roar and the gaze of everyone on the battlefield turned toward In-gong.
The highest ranked dungeon guardian panicked. No, it fell into confusion. Partizan’s body had collapsed and Ascalon disappeared. So, what should it do now?
The answer was fixed. The highest ranked dungeon guardian thought simply instead of making it too complicated. It started hammering at any intruders in front of it, but its target was more the third party who were nearby than In-gong.
The reaction of the third party was somewhat different.
Some of them shouted frantically while others pierced through the gaps in the defences, caused by the highest ranked guardian going crazy. Those who escaped the battlefield rushed toward In-gong.
In-gong decided quickly. He didn’t know that Partizan’s body would collapse in that way. If he had known, he would have planned something else.
Anyhow, the water had already been spilled and it wasn’t a bad situation. Ascalon was secured and the dungeon guardians’ priority were the third party. Moreover, some of the people were lured over, so he didn’t need to head over to the main battlefield which involved the dungeon guardians and 3rd party.
“Greenie! Continue the operation!” (TL: In-gong actually calls out the first syllable of both parts of her name, aka Gre Wi, so I just made up a nickname for it,)
‘That nickname is too much! My name is Green Wind!’
Green Wind protested but followed In-gong’s orders faithfully. White Eagle spread out its metal plates like wings and flew near In-gong’s feet. In-gong climbed aboard White Eagle and felt like he was riding a skateboard.
“Fly!”
'Heavy! Master!’
Green Wind whined again but she still followed the commands faithfully. White Eagle flew toward the ceiling while carrying In-gong.
The enemies arrived too late and threw arrows or weapons at him, but it was useless. White Eagle moved effortlessly when it encountered a barrier or avoided any attacks.
Felicia and Karma were bewildered by the unexpected sight while Carack shouted. It was a warning, not in admiration.
"Prince! Watch out! Those guys are doing something!”
In-gong looked back. Not all of the enemies were chasing In-gong.
A few of them were standing in the wreckage of Partizan. They stabbed the chests of the dead, causing blood to flow toward a large gem that they were standing around.
In-gong felt something ominous, but their behaviour was faster. Those guys stabbed themselves in the heart with the end of the gem. At that moment, a blue aura exploded and covered Partizan’s entire body.
Kiaaaaaaah!
The roar shook all of them. The highest rated guardian stopped fighting while the third party felt a mix of horror and joy.
Partizan's body stood up. The dragon was resurrected. He had lost all his supreme intelligence and magic powers, but he was still a mighty monster.
Zombie dragon.
The blue energy covering Partizan’s body turned purple.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 68 - Chapter 10: Breakthrough #6
It was a familiar colour.
A cog wheel turned in In-gong’s head as he saw the purple evil influence. Many things came into his mind at this time.
The monsters from the north that had appeared on Enger Plains.
The group of people who killed General Kashubal and devised some type of ploy regarding Thunderdoom Fortress.
They were connected. The thing they had in common was the purple energy.
Were they also from the north? Or maybe they had contact with the north.
At the same time, one more thing came up. There was no evidence, but it didn’t disappear from his head.
The Red Lightning tribe.
How did they control Enkidu’s swamp mammoths? Someone must have given them the method. And what was the reason for telling them?
The small temple.
It was the place where Green Wind had stayed and contained the magic that maintained the green plains.
How did the monsters of the north discover the secret of the small temple that even the centaurs, who had lived on Enger Plains for thousands of years, didn’t know?
Both of these had one thing in common:
An elder dragon.
The chimera belonging to Enkidu...
Green Wind that had come from the magic of a fragment of Ainkel...
He got this far, but there was still something essential missing.
It was added here. He needed to put everything together!
‘Master! Look ahead!’
Green Wind’s cry interrupted In-gong’s thoughts. A roaring zombie dragon had appeared and a purple light could be seen from the holes where its eyes should be. It was like facing Balkarova at the Northern Limit Line.
He was hostile toward In-gong. The shadow puppets, the 3rd party which had committed suicide, had long been swallowed.
Black Dragon Partizan, a wicked dragon who had died from the spear, Ascalon, just before tasting the sweet fruit of victory.
Due to the grudge, the purple evil influence around the dragon was truly enormous. It was enough to make him dizzy.
With a roar that shook the whole fortress, the zombie dragon Partizan launched into movements. The rotten bones dragged against the ground while the corrupted wings spread out and covered the ceiling of the central plaza.
Felicia made a sound. As White Eagle flew hastily toward Felicia, In-gong saw something moving when everyone else was stunned.
Kwang kwang kwang kwang!
The highest ranked guardian was running.
The last remaining of the five top ranked guardians in Thunderdoom Fortress hadn’t forgotten its enemy. The zombie dragon’s defeat was much more important than the shadow puppets.
The other dungeon guardians also responded to the zombie dragon. They abandoned the shadow puppets they had been fighting so far and rushed behind the highest ranked guardian. The main location of the battlefield changed in an instant.
Felicia focused. Turning her gaze toward In-gong, she saw the shadow puppets. They had gained a new power, the zombie dragon, and didn’t cling to the dungeon guardians. Some of them started running in the direction of In-gong’s party.
"Fire!”
Felicia created a fire barrier to block their path. At that moment, the roar of the zombie dragon and the sound of thunder shook the fortress. The zombie dragon and highest ranked guardian were colliding.
"Karaha!"
Carack shouted, shaking his axe. The purple energy around the zombie dragon spread to the bodies of the shadow puppets. Just like the casios, they forgot about the horrors of death and jumped through the fire barrier. Despite their burning bodies, they kept running toward Felicia. Some wanted to use the fire on their bodies as a means of attack.
Carack and Karma protected Felicia, who then increased the power of the fire barrier as In-gong crossed it on White Eagle.
He crashed into the back of a shadow puppet trying to reach Carack and exchanged glances with Felicia. They didn’t talk, but the two people instinctively sensed that they were thinking the same thing.
They had to take down the zombie dragon. If the dungeon guardians were defeated, he would go after In-gong’s party next.
‘He isn’t secure yet. I can feel it. The more time passes, the more disadvantageous it will be for us. You should hurry.’
Green Wind said. Felicia made a similar remark just as he finished listening to Green Wind’s words.
"The dragon is still shaky. The ceremony was done in a rush. I can feel an uneasy flow of mana. If we happen to destroy the core of the magic power...”
It was up to there. Not only Felicia but In-gong, Carack and Karma all looked at the same place. Felicia lowered the top of the fire barrier in order to see.
The colossal power was being concentrated. Even Carack and Karma. who were ignorant about mana. couldn’t help feeling it.
In-gong sensed it intuitively.
This was the power of a dragon.
Even though it had lost its reason and become a monster, it still had its strength. That was the only evidence that the presence in front of him was a dragon.
Dragon breath.
A purple pillar emerged from his mouth. Balkarova’s dragon breath was of no comparison as this pillar not only swallowed the left shoulder of the highest ranked guardian but also stretched on for hundreds of meters. The shadow puppets in its path were literally obliterated.
A huge hole was drilled. A new hole was drilled in the front passage of the central plaza, causing the area to start collapsing. A huge shaking affected the whole fortress.
Time stopped at the spectacular sight. At least, everyone who gathered in the central plaza thought so.
Carack could barely breathe. At the same time, the sight was so absurd that they couldn’t help laughing.
"This is when it is still not secure?”
This? That monster?!
'It isn’t secure! His breath weapon is limited!’
Green Wind’s shout was like a thunderbolt. In-gong agreed. Even normal dragons were limited in the number of breath weapons they could use in a day. A resurrected zombie dragon should only be able to use it two or three times.
The highest ranked guardian knew this as well. Therefore, it grabbed a giant hammer with its one remaining arm and rushed forward. It trampled on the shadow puppets and tried to hit the zombie dragon.
In-gong couldn’t just watch the guardian fight. He took Ascalon out of the inventory. Ascalon emitted a golden aura as if it sensed the existence of the zombie dragon and changed its form to a more militant shape.
It was now in the form of a lance suitable for a human. Ascalon, a weapon created by a dwarf magic engineer, knew the most appropriate form for its new master. The handle disappeared and a part designed to be gripped by fists was created instead. The part of the guard originally designed to protect the hand was raised further and several jets sprang up between the cracks. The length, which had been two meters long, was shortened to 1.5 meters.
It was a stabbing type weapon. Lightning poured from the lance and charged the air.
In-gong held Ascalon with Earth Quaker. It seemed the combination was uncomfortable as Earth Quaker gave a low growl, but now wasn’t the time for that.
In-gong climbed aboard White Eagle again. Felicia once against raised the fire barrier and the highest ranked guardian’s hammer launched thunderbolts.
Kwakang!
White Eagle took off. As a thunderbolt struck the zombie dragon’s chest, he screamed and raised two of his legs. Even as the thunderbolt dug into his chest, he pushed the highest ranked guardian to the ground.
The sound of the screaming and the earth collapsing caused terrible confusion. In-gong concentrated aura on his right fist as White Eagle moved closer. The zombie dragon’s purple aura reached out to capture In-gong.
It was like a tsunami.
The zombie dragon’s evil will covered In-gong. Thanks to the Tears of a Dark Elf, his mind wasn’t disturbed, but his body was momentarily affected.
The zombie dragon didn’t miss this opening. He grabbed the highest ranked guardian and rotated, causing the tail that was approximately 10 meters long to flash through the air. In-gong felt like he was rushing into a wall.
Both In-gong and Green Wind couldn’t respond quickly enough to the surprise attack as the tail was moving at a terrifying pace.
“Shutra!”
Felicia shrieked. In-gong’s body was exposed to a brutal force and fell to the ground.
‘Master! Master!’
Green Wind’s cries poured out from White Eagle next to him, but In-gong couldn’t reply. He couldn’t breathe properly. His body felt such tremendous pain that it reached the point where the pain was forgotten.
Carack sped toward In-gong. Felicia opened the fire barrier that was blocking the shadow puppets and Karma escorted her over.
Once again, there was the sound of thunder.
“Shutra! Shutra!”
Felicia fell next to In-gong and hurriedly cast recovery magic. She didn’t stop there and ordered Karma to feed In-gong recovery potions.
"Blessing! Can’t you use the gandharva’s blessing?”
Carack shouted while wielding his axe at the shadow puppets.
His stamina recovered as an effect of leveling up.
However, that couldn’t happen. The number of defeated enemies was too small after he caught Balkarova to level up.
Felicia continued casting recovery magic. After In-gong roared from the use of an awakening potion, Karma poured a new potion into his mouth.
“Cough!”
In-gong’s breath was unclogged. At that moment, the second breath weapon that Green Wind was concerned about crossed the central plaza once again. He didn’t know what was going on, but there was a great roar in the distance and a crashing sound.
In-gong looked at the mini-map. The shadow puppets were overwhelming the dungeon guardians. It was clear that the zombie dragon was smashing the highest ranked guardian.
There was no time. He had to end the zombie dragon while the highest ranked guardian was still standing.
‘Master.’
In-gong raised his upper body slowly. He wanted to collapse and fall asleep but he persisted. He took out various recovery potions from his inventory and drank them like they were water.
"Please draw its attention.”
In-gong said and Felicia smiled with a worried face.
"Shouldn’t this be the time when we start running away?”
“Sorry.”
"I understand. It is also unlike a dark elf to run away. Instead, I can’t do it twice.”
In-gong nodded. After the awakening potion, he was somehow able to forget the pain.
"Once will be enough.”
It was pointless to exchange blows with a huge monster. He had to stop its breath with one blow like Tiny Spark had done in the past.
‘Master.’
Green Wind’s magic wound around In-gong. It was the magic that she had used previously on Enger Plains. It seemed like he could feel Green Wind.
In-gong watched the front instead of flying. He collected aura like he was going to use Gigantic Piston.
"Let's begin.”
Felicia declared as thunder rang out once again.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 69 - Chapter 10: Breakthrough #7
Karma, with Felicia on her back, climbed up some wreckage quickly. A terrible sight caught the eyes of the both of them.
The highest ranked guardian was on the verge of being destroyed. The thunder hammer crashed to the ground while the shield was crushed like the left arm.
The zombie dragon, that was roaring from above the highest ranked guardian, discovered Felicia and Karma.
He wasn’t in a normal state either. The wounds on the dragon’s chest were wide open and one wing was broken.
"Run!"
Karma ran forward. Felicia made a wall of fire on all sides, attracting the gazes of the zombie dragon and shadow puppets.
The dungeon guardians rushed to the zombie dragon while the shadow puppets flocked to Felicia and arrows and spears covered the air above her.
Felicia hurriedly called the wind spirit but it wasn’t enough. She couldn’t push all the arrows and spears away. Karma closed her eyes while Felicia stared at the spears. A white object blocked the area in front of Felicia!
Kakakang!
White Eagle blocked the arrows and spears while Green Wind protected Felicia and cried out to In-gong,
‘Master!’
“Kuraha!”
It was very similar to when they had been in the trap zone. Carack set up the magic shield in front of him and passed through the fire barriers set up by Felicia with In-gong following him. The two men reached the side of the zombie dragon.
Numerous eyes gazed upon them. The shadow puppets rushed toward In-gong, but they were still quite a distance away. The dungeon guardians saw Ascalon and interfered desperately with the shadow puppets.
Carack lowered his posture and revealed his back. In-gong jumped off Carack’s back and shoulders, then used the explosive force of Divine Beast Authority and jumped almost a dozen meters.
Unable to launch a third breath weapon, the zombie dragon tried to aim his tail at In-gong again.
However, the highest ranked guardian didn’t allow it. It used its one arm left to grab the zombie dragon. The resistance only lasted a few seconds but that was enough.
The zombie dragon was off-balance. The tail couldn’t harm In-gong as he stabbed in the air with Ascalon.
At that moment, an enormous amount of power emerged from the nozzles on Ascalon. It was like a lance thrusting through the air.
Green Wind and Felicia watched breathlessly. However, the zombie dragon didn’t stay still. He hurriedly emitted a purple aura instead of the breath. The purple energy became an intangible wall that tried to stop Ascalon.
It seemed to work. In fact, Ascalon’s rush was blocked for a moment like it was being held by a gigantic glue.
However, In-gong didn’t stop.
He had one thing that the brave dwarf warrior Tiny Spark didn’t have when using Ascalon...
‘Dragon Blood!’
The dragon power woke up and Earth Quaker showed its true power. Ascalon rebelled and In-gong suffered terrible pain, but he endured it and used the power of Conquest to dominate Ascalon. He had to take advantage of this to hit the enemy. He added the strength of Gigantic Piston to Ascalon’s power!
Kwakakakakakang!
The Ascalon Strike regained its momentum and was like a lightning bolt. The golden flash broke through the purple wall and struck the chest of the zombie dragon. He tore into the chest that was already weak from hundreds of years passing. In-gong didn’t stop there but used more strength to dig it in deeper. Magic power was what kept the zombie dragon alive and In-gong was now destroying the dragon heart that was the very source of power that allowed the zombie dragon to move. In-gong penetrated through it!
The zombie dragon shrieked. As purple energy leaked from every hole, including its eyes and mouth, the highest ranked guardian moved using the last of its strength. Its fist struck the already shattered chest.
A violent explosion took place. The purple aura exploded, the zombie dragon collapsed and the aura around the shadow puppets disappeared, just like when Balkarova had died.
In-gong rolled across the floor. He lifted Ascalon and swallowed a moan. A pure white light wound around In-gong.
[Your level has risen.]
[Your level has risen.]
[Your level has risen.]
[Boss: Zombie Dragon Partizan has been defeated.]
[Title: Dragon Slayer (Beginner) has been acquired.]
The pain in his body subsided rapidly. In-gong sprang up. His legs trembled despite the recovery effect of gaining three levels. It was the result of using aura to the extreme, ignoring Ascalon as it tried to repel the dragon blood and using Conquest to dominate it.
‘Master!’
White Eagle flew to In-gong. The translucent Green Wing was sitting on top of the white shield. He could see how worried she was by the expression on her face.
In-gong grinned and White Eagle returned to his left arm. He placed Ascalon in his inventory and looked in front of him.
The highest ranked guardian didn’t move as it lay in the wreckage of the zombie dragon. The shadow puppets, who had lost the purple aura, went crazy and scattered. Meanwhile, the shadow puppets in black robes, who had been directing them, sat down on the ground like they had received a big shock.
Felicia and Karma ran to In-gong while the dungeon guardians surrounded them. It was because the highest ranked guardian transferred all its authority to In-gong before dying. The highest ranked guardian hadn’t forgotten about Ascalon.
“Shall we continue?”
They had knocked down the zombie dragon but the battle hadn’t ended yet. After Felicia’s words, In-gong responded by moving the dungeon guardians. The dungeon guardians rushed towards the shadow puppets who were confused by the effect of losing the purple aura.
"My shoulder is too sore.”
Carack, who had been In-gong’s footstool, stretched out and complained. Rather than Felicia using recovery magic, she handed over a potion. She wasn’t in a state where she could use magic right now.
The party watched the dungeon guardians fight. Fatigue couldn’t be restored by various recovery potions, so they just watched the fight from the background.
How much time had passed?
In-gong was sitting down silently with his eyes closed.
This mission was almost over. Once the battle with the shadow puppets finished, they could relax and enjoy the items. Despite the black dragon Partizan’s body being destroyed, it could still be useful.
However, he wondered why...
Despite it being 10 minutes since the zombie dragon had been destroyed, he couldn’t release his tension. Rather than feeling the sense of accomplishment that he had felt when he killed Mustafa and Balkarova, he felt tension and anxiety.
What was it?
Was it because all the pieces hadn’t aligned yet? Or because the shadow puppets weren’t all dead?
No, it was different.
An ominous feeling.
Due to Protagonist Correction, it was slowly irritating his senses.
In-gong raised his head and at that moment, a new collapse shook the central plaza.
Kwaaaaaang!
The zombie dragon’s breath weapon had broken the foundation twice and rubble now fell once again. However, the direction of the force was different. It came from the outside, not inside. After the third collapse, light poured into the central plaza that had been underground for hundreds of years.
Felicia, who had been sitting and relaxing on the floor, got up. The dungeon guardians stopped fighting momentarily while the shadow puppets were overcome with joy.
In-gong realized the reason for his ominous feeling.
A man emerged from the new hole. Instead of a purple aura, he wore blue armour and a helmet that resembled the head of a dragon. Holding a spear, he stood on a pile of rubble and looked at the shattered zombie dragon.
“I’m too late.”
He muttered in a low voice. The central plaza was silent, but his voice was coming from too far away.
However, In-gong could hear it clearly. He didn’t know why, but the man’s voice was clear as he took light steps forward.
"It was a mistake since the 2nd Prince didn’t come here.”
‘2nd Prince.'
‘Mistake.'
‘Didn’t come here.’
In-gong felt like he had been struck by lightning.
General Kashubal had failed the mission.
Everyone ha thought the mission would be given to Zephyr.
The purpose of these people wasn’t Ascalon or Partizan.
Their real purpose was to lure Zephyr here. They had killed General Kashubal to call Zephyr.
Although they had waited for Zephyr to arrive, In-gong and Felicia had been the ones who showed up instead.
So, the plan had been changed. The priority had been given to securing Partizan and Ascalon instead.
This story seemed correct. The cogs, that had stopped, started to rotate again in his head.
However, a question still remained:
Why Zephyr?
What purpose did they have for luring Zephyr here?
'Resist!’
A voice woke In-gong up. It wasn’t Green Wind. It was the voice of the golden-crowned white woman.
In-gong hurriedly produced the power of Conquest. The man’s gaze shifted from the zombie dragon to In-gong.
The purple aura...
Its source was the blue aura.
That man wasn’t the source of that power. It was just a small part of him. However, even that was overwhelming. The power of death struck In-gong’s soul.
The forces of conquest and death collided in the air. They canceled each other out and disappeared.
In-gong activated his white aura while the man frowned with confusion. Instead of continuing the invisible battle with In-gong, he raised the blue aura like flames. He swung his long spear and said lightly,
"I will clean up whatever is left.”
He took a step. At that moment, In-gong knew. That man was more powerful than the zombie dragon.
In-gong squeezed out every last bit of his aura. He hadn’t completely recovered in the aftermath of his fight with the zombie dragon, but he couldn’t give up.
"Prince, I’ve enjoyed knowing you so far.”
Carack said while lifting his axe like he was going to throw it. Karma also grabbed a weapon instead of throwing up in fear, while Felicia smiled bitterly and raised both arms.
"I don't know what he is but don’t give up.”
“Don’t give up.”
In-gong formed a fist. Earth Quaker gave the familiar growling response.
The man took a step forward. The dungeon guardians gathered by In-gong’s side and Green Wind soared up from White Eagle, declaring,
'Master was a good owner. I don’t regret following Master from Enger Plains.’
"Good, let’s stick our death flags in this place.”
In-gong made a joke that only he could understand and then focused on the man.
The man took his third step and a blue light emitted from the spear in his hand.
Then at that moment,
Just as a new battle was about to begin...
“Let’s do it.”
A new voice interrupted.
It wasn’t a simple voice that spread in the heavy silence.
Everyone’s gazes, that had been aimed at the man holding the spear, shifted to a different place. Even the man with the spear was forced to look.
“I went to see Prince at the Demon King’s Palace only to find that he had already left. Then once I arrived at the fortress, I heard Prince and Princess were in an emergency, so I wandered after you.”
The owner of the new voice stood in the opening where the man with the spear had appeared. His hair and beard was half grey and half white, while his clothes were snow-white. A dull sword hung at his waist.
It was the first time In-gong had seen him. However, In-gong knew who the man was the moment he saw him. Felicia, who had been determined about facing death, shouted with joy.
Sword Duke Ishgard.
The strongest swordsman of the previous era who had raised the demon king Mitra!
He didn’t say anything else and just pulled his sword out with a grin.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 70 - Chapter 11: Sword Duke
In Knight Saga, the sword duke, Ishgard, was similar to the elder dragons.
He was an incredible strong and great existence, but he only existed in the background. There were no events where the main character had to face him, so he only existed in the background.
However, like the elder dragons, his presence wasn’t something that could be passed over.
He was the master of Mitra, the demon king, and was the final barrier protecting the sura’s sanctuary.
When Zephyr was raised to the throne of the demon king, he didn’t get involved, saying that it was natural for a strong man to become the demon king.
He never showed up when the warrior Locke came to the Demon World to overthrow the demon king.
Sword Duke Ishgard...
Before the demon king, Mitra, ascended the throne, he was called a sword demon or a sword deity.
Knight Saga’s strongest swordsman.
Now that the demon king, Mitra, was suffering from a disease, he was the strongest in the Demon King’s Palace, excluding the five captains.
The sura’s strongest monster that even the demon king had to beg to be taught by:
Sword Duke Ishgard.
&
As soon as the sword duke picked up his sword, the world changed. Even the air was different. It wasn’t wrong to say that an invisible force covered the entire central plaza.
Felicia stopped breathing and In-gong felt the same sensation as when he had faced the demon king.
It was different from when he realized Chris and Caitlin’s strength. In-gong felt like he was facing a wonder of nature... like a huge, pouring waterfall, lightning or a volcanic eruption.
It was impossible for the current In-gong to tell how strong the person truly was.
The man with the spear also emitted a strong energy, but he no longer dominated the situation like when he had first appeared.
Carack swallowed his saliva while Karma flopped down on the ground unconsciously. At that moment, the man’s spear pierced the ground.
The blue aura exploded and the oppressive energy headed toward the sword duke. It was a heavy stab but the sword duke didn’t move from his place. He just swung his sword.
Felicia didn’t know what happened. There was a huge wave and the ground split apart violently. It was like a giant claw had scratched the ground.
The man with the spear started his second strike. He rotated his sword toward the sword duke, but the sword duke still didn’t move his legs. The second wave shook the central plaza.
And then the third...
The sword duke finally took his first step. At that moment, the man dropped his spear. He leapt through the air toward the sword duke and exploded with a huge burst of blue aura!
It was literally an explosion. The blue energy, that had been condensed down to one point, swelled hundreds of times and a huge roar swept through the central plaza. Felicia shrieked as she watched.
That wasn’t all. It was a real explosion. The terrible power of the blue flames filling their vision could be felt. It was a power that could crush the central plaza as well as the whole fortress.
And at that moment, the explosion was split in two. It was like it had been neatly cut by a sword and was destroyed.
In-gong didn’t know the principles. The party was surprised as the blue energy had split in two and simply vanished.
Carack was stiff as his mouth gaped open while Karma didn’t know what was going on. However, In-gong embraced Felicia.
“Kya?”
Felicia shouted at the sudden motion, but In-gong didn’t stop. He crouched down, pulling Felicia with him and shouted,
“Green Wind!”
White Eagle responded to In-gong’s call. The metal plates opened like wings to protect In-gong and Felicia from a new explosion.
Kwakang!
Kwang!
 
Kwang!
 
Kwang!
Explosions occurred in succession. In-gong looked over the top of White Eagle as he held Felicia and was able to see what had happened.
The shadow puppets were exploding.
There were some who held onto a dungeon guardian as they exploded while others stayed in their spots. Some of them exploded in the vicinity of In-gong, but White Eagle blocked all of those attacks.
"Prince!”
Carack lifted his shield to protect himself and Karma. Instead of responding to Carack, In-gong glanced beyond White Eagle and understood the implications of the explosions.
They hadn’t self-destructed in order to deal a blow to In-gong’s party. It was in order to block all information about them from getting out.
The man with the spear. He was strong. He seemed like he could kill the zombie dragon in one shot.
However, such a powerful person chose to self-destruct. The sword duke had overwhelming strength, but the man who didn’t hesitate to make such a choice was also amazing.
Who was he? Who were the people who sent him?
The simultaneous explosions didn’t last long. Once the mini-map confirmed that all the shadow puppets had been destroyed, In-gong released Felicia and stood up.
“Well done, Greenie.”
In-gong praised White Eagle lightly. As expected, he heard Green Wind’s complaining voice.
‘Master! I am not Greenie. If I am Greenie, then Carack is... Carack?’
This wasn’t it, the frown drawn on Green Wind’s face seemed to say. In-gong laughed and recovered White Eagle before observing the status of the rest of the party.
“Are you okay?”
"I’m ok...ay. I’m just a little surprised.”
Felicia, who was still catching her breath, got up after responding. He turned toward Carack who was pulling up the weak-legged Karma. It seemed like the new shield he just got from the Demon King’s Palace was almost gone.
Lastly, In-gong turned toward the sword duke. The huge explosion from the man with a spear was destroyed by his step and he was now stepping forward, towards them.
Felicia whispered from next to In-gong.
“Sword Duke. He presented you with the dragon leather.”
In-gong nodded at the introduction and calmed his breath. Even though he knew that the sword duke was an ally, his heart was still pounding.
Finally, the sword duke arrived in front of In-gong’s party.
He was tall. There were many wrinkles on his face but strangely, he didn’t seem weak or old. It wasn’t due to the brilliant strength he had shown just a few minutes ago, but because he was dignified and none of the features of an elderly man could be seen.
He gave up on discovering the status of the sword duke. Fending off the explosion hadn’t been simple, but it was impossible to guess how much strength the sword duke had consumed.
He smiled towards In-gong and Felicia and suddenly reached out to Felicia.
"6th Princess!”
Felicia lost her spirit. It was because the sword duke placed his hands beneath her armpits and raised Felicia like she was a child.
“Kyak! Put me down!”
Felicia blushed and yelled, but the sword duke didn’t listen. Rather, he laughed even louder and threw Felicia into the air. He caught her waist and spun her round and round.
“Hahaha! You are so big now! You were just a tiny girl the last time I saw you! You’ve become a beautiful woman!”
“Put me down! Down!”
Felicia whined while laughing and after a few more turns, the sword duke finally placed Felicia on the ground.
"This isn’t something to grumble about.”
The sword duke laughed heartily and Felicia was too busy gasping to refute it. Carack and Karma blinked as they didn’t know what was going on right now.
Was the old man in front of them the same monster as before?
After he touched Felicia’s head one last time, the sword duke turned toward In-gong. As the surprised In-gong jumped into an alert position, the sword duke smiled happily and asked with folded arms,
“9th Prince, do you like my present?”
The sword duke touched In-gong’s Dragon Scale Greaves. In-gong controlled his breathing and replied calmly,
"I was able to create a great piece thanks to you. Thank you.”
There was no blood relation between the sword duke and the demon king’s children, but he was the demon king’s master. He was an elder of the sura, so the demon king’s children referred to him as a grandfather.
He spoke casually to Felicia, but his words seemed a little more polite towards In-gong.
“I’m glad that it was useful.”
Unlike Felicia, it seemed like he hadn’t met Shutra yet.
Instead of the pleasure in his eyes when he saw Felicia, the sword duke looked at In-gong with curiosity.
He turned towards the shattered bodies of the highest ranked guardian and the black dragon Partizan.
“So, what happened?”
In-gong told the sword duke all of his speculations. It wasn’t a secret and In-gong thought that the sword duke was at a level to deal with the issue.
As the sword duke listened without saying anything, Felicia made a confused face in the middle.
"Those people were after Zephyr orabeoni?”
“Perhaps. It isn’t clear, but the man with the spear said that we had come instead of 2nd Prince.”
Despite being siblings, In-gong called him 2nd Prince instead of Zephyr hyung.
Carack asked In-gong,
"Um, I couldn’t hear that. What about Princess? Princess has the best ears among all of us.”
He had already witnessed Felicia’s hearing a few times on Enger Plains. She shook her head.
“I didn’t hear it.”
The man with the spear was a considerable distance away and even his appearance itself was shocking.
Carack asked In-gong again with a cautious look,
"Prince, were you perhaps hearing things?”
"No, it is hard to explain, but I heard it clearly.”
In-gong didn’t know why he could hear the man’s voice either, but it absolutely wasn’t a hallucination.
Felicia nodded.
"It is strange, but it makes sense. Rather, it feels like a question has been resolved. It wasn’t just me, but almost everyone in the Demon King’s Palace thought that Zephyr orabeoni would receive this mission. If this situation was created for the purpose of luring Zephyr orabeoni, then it would explain the death of General Kashubal and why they attempted to capture this fortress so late.”
Just like In-gong, Felicia also had doubts.
"The question is, what purpose do they have for pursuing Zephyr orabeoni.”
The simplest answer was to get rid of Zephyr, but Felicia didn’t think so. Felicia couldn’t properly measure the strength of the man with the spear, but she didn’t think that Zephyr, the strongest royal child, would be hit by this preparation.
Of course, variables existed. It was possible that they made some other arrangements for Zephyr:
The drake ogre, Mustafa, and skeleton king, Balkarova, that had appeared on Enger Plains...
And the zombie dragon and man with a spear at Thunderdoom Fortress.
As tension filled everyone’s faces, the sword duke spoke.
"I can understand the general situation. It is a pretty interesting story.”
His expression was the same as when he first appeared. In-gong asked,
"Sword Duke, do you have any guesses?”
"No. This is the Demon World. These type of people have always been around. Prince and Princess just need to grow well in the future. There is always a countermeasure.”
The sword duke laughed playfully and formed fists. It was a simple move, but it had the power to overwhelm the surroundings.
“Become stronger. If you develop the power to break through any danger, then all problems will be solved.
It was a simple but clear answer. Indeed, he had broken down the threat to In-gong’s party with clear power.
Carack stared at the sword duke with his full respect while Karma’s eyes shone.
Only Felicia sighed at his words and said,
"Then Sword Duke, why are you here? Although I am grateful for the help.”
The unexpected appearance of the man with the spear hadn’t led to the sword duke’s appearance, but Felicia already knew the answer as did In-gong.
The sword duke looked at In-gong and said,
"I came to see 9th Prince.”
It was the answer they had expected, but In-gong and Felicia still waited for the sword duke’s next words. The sword duke met their expectations.
“The demon king seems very interested in 9th Prince. I was at the sanctuary when I received news that the court gathering was overturned.”
'Sanctuary?’
In-gong made a confused sound. In Knight Saga, hadn’t the sword duke been wandering around in seclusion?
The sword duke continued,
"As 6th Princess knows, I spend most of the year at the sanctuary. However, I couldn’t just sit back and wait.”
Sanctuary.
It was the sura’s sanctuary as even Zephyr didn’t know its location.
It would be nice to go there. Maybe the sword duke was the guardian of the sanctuary.
In-gong once again focused on the sword duke’s words. The sword duke gazed at In-gong and said,
"The demon king never acts without a reason. I don’t know why the demon king acted like he did at the court gathering, but there must be a reason.”
It hadn’t merely been a whim or a change of heart.
There was something special about the 9th Prince.
"So, I became interested, even more so now that I’ve seen you directly.”
The sword duke stared at In-gong. It was the same expression as before, but his eyes were different. If felt like the sword duke’s eyes were penetrating inside him.
Then the sword duke smiled and In-gong lowered his eyes.
The demon king had never done something similar to his other children, including Zephyr.
"9th Prince, would you like to learn from me?”
The teachings of the sword.
On behalf of the Demon King’s Palace, Felicia’s mouth dropped open.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 71 - Chapter 11: Sword Duke #2
There were no formal disciples of the sword duke.
Except for the demon king, Mitra, there was no one who he taught properly. Even the sura, Gallehed, the strongest among the five captains, had only sparred with him a few times.
Moreover, it had been the sword duke who offered his teachings first.
It was unheard of. None of the children of the demon king had ever been recognized like this.
However, he was now offering it to In-gong.
Felicia’s mouth dropped open while Karma’s eyes shone. Carack also let out an impressed cry.
The sword duke was laughing, but his eyes weren’t smiling.
Deep blue eyes... It was like there was a hidden darkness in his blue eyes that saw through In-gong.
In-gong swallowed his saliva. Although he had been anticipating this a little bit, his chest pounded wildly at the offer.
The strongest presence in the Demon World said he would teach In-gong.
This was a hidden event and it was really happening!
"It doesn’t mean that you will become my disciple.”
The sword duke said with a smile. Carack blinked with confusion while Felicia snorted.
However, the sword duke didn’t pay attention to the two of them. He was only looking at In-gong.
"I can’t afford to nurture a disciple. Furthermore... Prince has already learnt Divine Beast Authority. There is no need to learn my sword.”
In-gong had never fought in front of the sword duke. He had only confronted the man carrying a spear with his white aura. However, the sword duke had intervened after that, so it was impossible to know the type of martial arts In-gong used.
However, that didn’t make a difference to the sword duke.
The sword duke’s blue eyes stared into In-gong’s red eyes. Unlike his laughing expression, the sword duke’s eyes didn’t show any pleasure at all.
In-gong sensed it intuitively.
Even now, he was reading information about In-gong. He didn’t know whether it was magic or an innate talent to see a person’s ability. In-gong felt like he was being disassembled.
Then there was a person who exclaimed belatedly,
"Wait, Divine Beast Authority? Not Beast Authority but Divine Beast Authority?”
Felicia stared at In-gong with shock, but her astonishment didn’t last long.
Felicia understood.
There was an oddly deep bond between In-gong, Chris and Caitlin. Even Chris, who usually disliked the other children of the demon king, was concerned about In-gong.
He had taught In-gong Divine Beast Authority that was normally only passed down through the royal family of the lycanthropes. It was foolish for Felicia to not know what it meant.
Felicia felt frustrated and disappointed, but she didn’t express it and In-gong couldn’t afford to look at Felicia.
The sword duke continued to speak,
"Prince’s body contains Divine Beast Authority and a mixture of other powers. Even I can’t see all of them... It is really interesting. Moreover, the many forces aren’t pushing against each other. They are cooperating nicely.”
What were the powers that the sword duke read? Did it include Conquest?
"I think that Prince has just managed to learn Divine Beast Authority. At most, it has been a few months. However, this achievement is really amazing.”
In-gong felt a cold sweat forming. The sword duke showed no apparent hostility toward In-gong. Even now, he was only expressing admiration and curiosity. However, In-gong couldn’t help feeling tense. How many things could those eyes see through?
"The reason why the demon king showed interest is probably different from me. When 2nd Prince was born, the Demon World had instinctively sensed his strength... He was born with a crazy innate talent, but even then, the demon king didn’t express any interest.”
In-gong felt lightheaded.
The sword duke’s evaluation of Zephyr was beyond his imagination. A strong existence that the Demon World had instinctively felt when he was born. What on earth? He couldn’t even figure out what level it meant.
Moreover, the talk about the demon king...
The sword duke assumed that the demon king’s interest wasn’t due to the various powers inside In-gong.
Then why had the demon king shown interest in In-gong? Was it because he endured the demon king’s gaze at the first court gathering?
The sword duke raised his body. In-gong’s gaze naturally followed the sword duke who shrugged and said,
"Anyhow, I am interested in Prince. I would like to convey some enlightenment to Prince, so what do you think?”
In-gong closed his eyes. He drove all questions from his mind and only focused on the sword duke.
The sword duke’s teachings...
There was no reason to refuse.
He wasn’t In-gong’s enemy. The sword duke’s gaze was penetrating, but it wasn’t hostile.
In-gong took a deep breath and looked at the sword duke with a stiff expression. He stared straight into the sword duke’s eyes and said with an awkward smile,
"Please teach me.”
Carack clenched his fists. Felicia sighed with relief and smiled.
The sword duke also smiled. He raised his hand to In-gong’s shoulder.
"I came to Prince to teach you an aura management technique and a few skills. I will leave them to Prince’s talent to learn.”
“I understand.”
The most common situation was for the conversation to stop here. In order to learn aura management techniques, some conditions were needed.
However, that wasn’t the case for the sword duke.
“Then let's begin."
Felicia, who had thought she couldn’t be confused anymore, was surprised by the sword duke’s words.
The sword duke stretched out two big hands and grabbed In-gong’s head. He closed his eyes and triggered his aura.
In-gong also closed his eyes. His sharp instinct urged for compliance instead of resistance.
The aura of the sword duke was a brilliant gold. Just as when Caitlin had first taught In-gong about aura, the sword duke’s golden aura led In-gong’s aura. It was a completely different path from Divine Beast Authority.
[The S rank technique, Sura Heart Law Lv1, has been learnt.]
As always, In-gong instantly incorporated the new technique. There was an elusive smile on the sword duke’s face as his golden aura started to invade every inch of In-gong’s body.
In-gong realized that the aura in his body was activated in a different way. His breathing method was also changing.
As he acquired knowledge. Images flashed in his head. It was the appearance of the sword duke displaying some techniques.
They were the skills that the sword duke had promised.
One was a new movement. If Divine Beast Authority was explosive movement, the new method taught by the sword duke was the wind. It was fast and light, and sometimes rough like a gale.
The other was a spread out technique rather than a punch. It was a pushing technique, not one that destroyed the enemy like Gigantic Piston. In-gong was given an impression of the power that spread from the sword duke. It felt like he had actually learnt the techniques in reality.
The last one was a feet technique, Involving kicking at a simple, not flashy pace. However, it was quick and powerful.
[Sura Heart Law - Wind Style Lv1 has been learnt.]
[Sura Heart Law - Great Mountain Lv1 has been learnt.]
[Sura Heart Law - Lightning Lv1 has been learnt.]
Sura Heart Law and three other techniques were transferred to him.
In-gong admired the method of transferring techniques, but the sword duke was even more impressed.
In-gong had acquired the skills too quickly. Although the sword duke had used a direct injection method, the speed exceeded what he had expected.
'A genius comparable to 2nd Prince?’
No, it wasn’t like that. There was talent in combat, but not so much towards learning techniques.
Then what was this speed? Had the sword duke misjudged the talent of the 9th Prince? It wasn’t somebody else but the sword duke himself who had made a mistake?
Then it was good. It was a pleasant mistake. The sword duke laughed and finishing injecting the techniques happily.
However, he couldn’t. It wasn’t because In-gong rejected it, nor was there a problem with the transfer process. The transfer technique was done properly and In-gong learnt all the techniques that the sword duke wanted to teach.
However, the changes in In-gong weren’t over.
A white aura flashed like fire from In-gong’s entire body. Carack, Karma and Felicia didn’t know the situation, but the sword duke was shocked. He was panicked by the changes taking place in In-gong’s body.
[S rank technique Sura Heart Law has been learnt.]
[The level of Protagonist Body has increased due to the repeated learnings.]
[The level of Protagonist Body Lv2 skill - Hundreds Poisons Resistance has risen. Once Hundred Poisons Resistance reaches Lv3, it can evolve into Thousand Poisons Resistance.]
[Protagonist Body Lv3 skill - Harmony Lv1 has been acquired.]
The aura inside In-gong’s body was split into two. One chose the Divine Beast Authority aura management method while the other chose the Sura Heart Law method.
It was a phenomenon that the sword duke was seeing for the very first time. Even if he had seen something similar, 99% of the people had their bodies ruined by the opposing auras.
The white aura around In-gong swelled greatly. Carack, who had been admiring it until now, realized that something was wrong. Felicia also had an urgent expression on her face as she cried out.
The sword duke heard Felicia’s voice. but he didn’t try to restrain In-gong. He simply watched.
Carack alternated his gaze between In-gong and the sword duke. He looked toward Felicia like he was seeking a path, but Felicia didn’t respond. She was staring at the sword duke with gritted teeth. She didn’t know what she was hoping for, but she begged and prayed for In-gong.
‘Master.’
Green Wind watched as In-gong closed his eyes and had the techniques transferred to him. As she saw the auras flowing violently, she was reminded of the Great Enkidu and Watcher Ainkel.
The powers of two different elder dragons. Despite the two powers being opposite of each other, In-gong had made them one.
This time as well, it was no different. The two auras running through different routes gradually became one. Not only did the auras combine together, but the aura method also became one.
Sura Heart Law and Divine Beast Authority.
Both of them were S rank. However,it was different now. The two didn’t deny each other any longer.
[Sura Heart Law and Divine Beast Authority are in harmony.]
[The S rank Divine Beast Authority has evolved.]
In-gong conquered Sura Heart Law and Divine Beast Authority. He was able to create a new technique because he ruled them in the truest sense.
It had the explosive power of Divine Beast Authority and the swiftness of Sura Heart Law.
It was a new power beyond the limit of a S rank!
[The SS rank technique, Divine Sura Authority Lv1, has been learnt.]
Divine Sura Authority...
However, this wasn’t the end. In-gong used his saved skill points.
[The level of Divine Sura Authority has risen.]
[The level of Divine Sura Authority has risen.]
Divine Sura Authority Lv3.
The power springing from In-gong’s depths formed a clear shape.
Carack became excited again while Felicia clasped both hands tensely as she stared at In-gong. Meanwhile, Karma prayed to Green Wind.
There was a light of wonder on the sword duke’s face.
Then after a moment...
In-gong opened his eyes and a pure white aura was freed.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 72 - Chapter 11: Sword Duke #3
Aura was life force. A source of life that was connected with the soul and training life force which could allow the power of the soul to reach beyond its limits.
The sword duke stared at the warm light coming from In-gong’s unconscious body. His aura soared like fire and illuminated the surroundings.
"Interesting."
The sword duke knew what was happening inside In-gong’s body. He noticed that the aura in front of him had some characteristics of soul power, despite the accomplishment being low.
It was unexpected. He had never imagined this would happen when he decided to teach Sura Heart Law.
“I’d like to take him to the sanctuary.”
However, he couldn’t. He was frustrated because In-gong was so amazing.
“There is no understanding. It isn’t done consciously... He did it unconsciously. It’s hard to tell if this can be called a talent or something else.”
He said in a voice full of admiration. Felicia, who had been listening by his side, grabbed the sword duke’s arm like she couldn’t bear it anymore.
“Sword Duke, what do you mean? Shutra is okay, right?”
The sword duke wasn’t angry despite being tugged. He patted Felicia’s head like he was comforting a small child.
"You don’t have to worry about Prince. Shall we just keep observing him? He’ll regain consciousness quickly. And about what happened... I just taught Prince how to use Sura Heart Law, the aura management technique.”
The sword duke spoke lightly but Felicia wasn’t listening. She ignored the sword duke’s hands still stroking her head and covered her mouth with both hands.
“Sura Heart Law!”
Felicia knew about the aura management method. It was the aura management method that Gallehed, strongest of the five captains, had learnt. It was particularly well-known among the suras.
Yet he had taught In-gong Sura Heart Law.
Felicia looked back at In-gong hurriedly while Carack, who had been listening to the conversation, grunted with admiration.
Karma noticed his reaction and asked Carack in a small voice,
“Carack, what is Sura Heart Law?”
"I don't know but based on Princess’ reaction, it seems to be great!”
The sword duke laughed at Carack’s answer.
"These are good friends. Prince seems to be good at finding them.”
Carack smiled at the praise. Karma responded to the sword duke with a small, timid smile.
In this situation, Felicia was the only one serious as she grabbed the sword duke’s hand again.
“You only taught him Sura Heart Law?”
If the sword duke only taught Sura Heart Law, then In-gong wouldn’t have this response. There was something more important.
The sword duke spoke without hiding anything,
"Prince has combined Sura Heart Law with Divine Beast Authority.”
“Huh?”
"Two different aura management techniques have been combined. Based on Divine Beast Authority, a better aura management technique has been born.
He shrugged like it wasn’t that great.
Felicia fell into chaos again. Although she hadn’t learnt aura, her brother Silvan Doomblade had outstanding skills in aura. Therefore, she couldn’t easily accept the sword duke’s words.
Combining different aura management methods?
So soon after learning one of them?
It defied common sense, but she didn’t think that the sword duke was lying.
The sword duke spoke with a generous understanding.
"Even Prince doesn’t understand it. It took place unconsciously. So, it is interesting. Frankly speaking, it is fun. Aside from 2nd Prince, there is another monster.”
“Sword Duke.”
Felicia called out with mixed emotions. Rather than responding, the sword duke turned to In-gong and exclaimed with shining eyes,
“He seems to be waking up.”
The whirling aura around In-gong was now scattering. Focus started to appear in In-gong’s eyes.
"Prince, have you regained consciousness?”
In-gong nodded slowly in response to the sword duke’s question. He felt dizzy but it wasn’t enough to make him collapse.
In-gong covered his face with both hands and breathed deeply as he tried to understand what had happened.
Divine Beast Authority had evolved into Divine Sura Authority. He had acquired a SS rank technique.
There had only been one SS rank technique that appeared in Knight Saga and that had been Locke’s Warrior Sword.
However, it was different now. Divine Sura Authority had been added to the SS techniques and In-gong was the only one who knew Divine Sura Authority.
"Prince is more strange than I thought. I did well in coming here.”
The sword duke’s playful voice was heard from above him. In-gong removed his hands and faced the sword duke.
“Sword Duke.”
"I won’t ask. I also don’t need a description. My interest isn’t in the principles itself but the fact that Prince accomplished it.”
He answered and adjusted his posture to In-gong’s eye level. Then he asked,
“The name?”
He wondered about it. The sword duke already knew everything that had happened in In-gong’s body.
Therefore, In-gong replied truthfully instead of lying,
“Divine Sura Authority.”
"Divine Sura Authority... A simple but good name. I’ll look forward to your seeing your accomplishments grow. I’ll be watching.”
The sword duke finished with a strange smile before stepping backwards. Then Felicia came to In-gong like she had been waiting.
"Shutra, are you okay?”
Felicia’s eyes were red. In-gong laughed and nodded.
"Yes, I’m okay. Thank you for caring, Noona.”
“You are okay. It's a good thing.”
Felicia sighed with relief and Carack started to laugh heartily. Then the sword duke, who was watching, knocked against Felicia’s shoulder.
“Princess, there is something I wanted to ask you.”
“Me?”
"Yes. How familiar has 9th Prince and 6th Princess become?”
“Huh?”
Felicia narrowed her eyes, but the sword duke asked again with a serious expression.
"I mean it. How close are the two of you?”
Felicia glanced back reflexively at In-gong with an unsure expression. She covered her face and replied hesitantly,
“Well... I don’t dislike him?”
Carack stared at Felicia incredulously while Karma held back her laughter. In-gong looked at Felicia’s reddening ears and said mischievously,
“Really? What if I really like Noona?”
"Ohh!”
Felicia’s face reddened. She made a helpless sound out of embarrassment.
The sword duke sighed,
"It is a bit strange to see such embarrassment, but it is good.”
Instead of replying, Felicia simply pouted. The sword duke continued speaking,
“6th Princess, I am telling you to protect 9th Prince. Keep today’s work a secret.”
It was clear what he was talking about.
It was the birth of Divine Sura Authority; In-gong had created a new aura management method.
“There is already quite a lot of interest in 9th Prince. There is no need to increase the gazes.”
Felicia nodded at the words. She was also aware of all the eyes on In-gong. The events at Thunderdoom Fortress would probably attract even more attention.
“You can tell 5th Prince. 7th Prince and 8th Princess are fine as well. They were the ones who taught him Divine Beast Authority.”
“I understand. I’ll do so.”
Once again, Felicia made a relieved smile as she turned towards In-gong. In-gong was also smiling back at Felicia.
"Okay, then it will be nice to take a break after that.”
The sword duke’s words relieved all the tension at once. Then Felicia recalled something and asked the sword duke,
“Ah, that reminds me. Where is the hole that you came down from? Can we bring an exploration team down here?”
Thunderdoom Fortress’ control room was in their hands, so they just needed to eat up the profit now. It was a good idea to bring an exploration team to conduct a full-scale investigation.
However, an unexpected reply came from the sword duke.
"It is possible, but do you really want to? There is no reason to do that.”
“Huh?”
There was no reason to do that? What did this mean?
Felicia and In-gong looked at each other while the sword duke laughed.
"Is this your first time exploring ruins? If an expedition comes, you can’t swallow everything.”
“Uh... Sword Duke?”
Were they hearing properly right now?
In-gong had a bemused expression on his face while Felicia was in a stupor.
The sword duke clicked his tongue and continued to talk,
"You have suffered in a fortress of this magnitude, yet you want to give it to the Demon King’s Palace? You should take care of it properly. Anyway, the treasures will just go somewhere else after being received by the Demon King’s Palace. So, just call the expedition after you have collected everything. The Demon King did the same when he was a prince. Why shouldn’t Prince and Princess do this?”
He winked lightly at the end.
Now, In-gong started to feel disoriented.
However, the sword duke didn’t care about In-gong’s and Felicia’s reactions and pointed to a distant place.
"In particular, the body of that black dragon. Take it. It will be useful in many ways. It will be nice if it is broken down into three.
At that moment, something flashed in In-gong’s head. Felicia exclaimed,
"Wait, wait a minute. Into three?”
Dividing into three? Was that right?
"Payment for travel expenses. Isn’t that right?”
The sword duke said with a pleased grin while In-gong and Felicia had the same expression on their faces.
&
The sword duke took Carack and Karma to the body of the black dragon, Partizan. It was in order to disassemble Partizan’s body.
Rather than following the sword duke, In-gong grabbed Felicia’s hand.
"Noona, please wait as I have something to say.”
Felicia turned back to In-gong and nodded. Once the sword duke’s group was a sufficient distance away, she spoke first.
"Is it about the magic that puts things away in another space?”
As expected, she was a great magician. She had only seen it a few times in today’s battle, but she had already grasped the situation.
In-gong nodded slowly.
"That's right. It is about that.”
In-gong kept many of his skills a secret as much as possible..
His inventory ability was very convenient. Depending on the way it was used, it was a really powerful ability.
It was better if few people knew about these capabilities. Just like all secrets in the world, the ability of the inventory could only be exercised when kept secret.
However, In-gong decided to tell Felicia the secret of the inventory. He couldn’t keep sneaking items into his space forever. The ease of use of Earth Quaker and White Eagle were also included in his consideration.
Felicia was a reliable ally. It would be beneficial to disclose the secret of his inventory and it wouldn’t harm him.
Felicia glanced at In-gong. He was like an onion as he was always giving her new surprises.
"Did you learn it all of a sudden?”
"No, it is a magic that I inherently have.”
“Can you teach me?”
“I’m sorry, that is impossible. This isn’t the type of magic that can be taught.”
This wasn’t a lie. Felicia stared into In-gong’s eyes for a moment before nodding.
"Well, I understand. It hasn’t been a long time since we’ve become friends. I will keep it a secret.”
“Thank you.”
Felicia didn’t reply. She just approached In-gong closely.
"Excuse me, what is it?”
“Do Caitlin and Chris know?”
In-gong rolled his eyes while Felicia covered her face with a fan.
He refrained from laughing and answered,
“No, the two of them don’t know yet.”
“Really?”
Felicia’s voice was cheerful. She looked so cute that In-gong could barely hold back his laughter.
"Anyway, Noona. Should I reveal the magic to the sword duke?”
There were many items, not including the black dragon’s body. At first glance, it seemed like a special magic bag, but he wondered if such a lie would get past the sword duke. They had a good relationship, so he didn’t want to spoil it by lying.
After In-gong’s question, Felicia stared at the sword duke and shook her head.
“Will he even care?”
"I was thinking the same thing.”
They had only spent a short time together, but it was enough to understand the sword duke’s personality.
And a few minutes later, the sword duke responded exactly as expected.
“Use it comfortably. I also have a similar tool.”
That was the end. As they disassembled the body of the black dragon, the sword duke pointed to it and asked,
"Prince and Princess, what are you going to do with it?”
There was damage after it became a zombie dragon, but there were still many parts that could be used.
In-gong glanced at his Dragon Scale Greaves and replied,
"I going to use it in the smithy at the Demon King’s Palace.”
“Princess?”
"Me too.”
It was natural. The most outstanding blacksmiths that In-gong and Felicia knew were at the Demon King’s Palace.
However, the sword duke looked displeased.
"Hmm, the blacksmiths are the Demon King’s Palace are very good, but such good materials are a waste for the Demon King’s Palace. So, why don’t you meet my friend?”
“Someone you know?”
Felicia’s eyes shone. The sword duke like the response and continued,
"Yes, my interest is deepening, so tell us.
Who is it?”
In-gong was also excited. A friend of the strongest swordsman, the Sword Duke. He didn’t know the name, but he was already looking forward to it.
The sword duke nodded.
"Wait a minute. It isn’t good to be too excited. Do Prince and Princess know the name Amita?”
Felicia nodded while neither Carack or Karma replied.
However, In-gong was different.
His eyes widened and he cried out,
“Amita! Amita Ignasia!”
Of course, he knew it. It was a name that he had to know.
The meeting with Amita had been a hidden event in Knight Saga!
Amita Ignasia...
The best blacksmith in the Demon World who handled the last flame!
The sword duke’s description followed.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 73 - Chapter 11: Sword Duke #4
"It is obvious, but they are a blacksmith. 9th Prince, how much do you know about Amita?”
The sword duke asked, stroking his beard. Fortunately, the question seemed to source from pure curiosity, rather than any doubts. It made sense to In-gong.
He had said Amita’s first and last name. He had been so excited that he made a small mistake.
Instead of revealing his agitation, In-gong’s face showed only excitement.
"I heard a story related to them when I was a child. The legend of the blacksmith who handles the last spark of fire. I didn’t think they were a person who actually existed.”
Amita was sometimes a man and sometimes a woman. Due to the freely changing gender and age, there was a story that Amita was a clan or group who shared a name, not an individual.
In-gong also didn’t know the identity of Amita. There had been a theory among Knight Saga fanatics that Amita was a polymorph dragon, but that was just a guess.
'Maybe they are like Green Wind.’
Anyway, it was clear that Amita was the best blacksmith in the Demon World that dealt with the last flame.
The last flame meant the first fire that had appeared when the world was created. Despite being the first flame, it was called the last flame due to a prophecy.
The world would be destroyed when the last flame went out.
The first and last flame...
An existence that started and ended with the world.
The last flame was a myth. Therefore, all weapons made with the last flame retained its own divinity despite not being blessed with the sacred symbol of a god.
Meeting Amita in Knight Saga literally depended on luck. The place and time where Amita emerged was completely random.
Despite clearing Knight Saga 10 times, In-gong had only managed to meet Amita three times.
Amita was a person who was difficult to meet.
The meeting itself was good since they were called the Demon World’s best blacksmith.
In-gong didn’t explain all of this. After briefly mentioning the last flame, he finished by saying that Amita was a legendary blacksmith who could handle the last flame.
'This is information from Knight Saga’s manual.'
The sword duke nodded slowly at In-gong’s words.
"Prince is correct. Amita is the blacksmith who deals with the last flame. They aren’t a legend or superstition but a real person.”
The sword duke looked at Felicia and explained the last flame in more detail. In-gong already knew all of this.
The explanation was of great interest to Felicia since she was a capable ruins explorer. However, it wasn’t the last flame or Amita that she was interested in.
“Shutra, where did you hear this story? Isn’t the library still not available to you?”
Even Felicia was hearing about the story of the last flame for the first time. So, where had In-gong heard about the legend?
In-gong had also known about the Thunder Light Anvil, so he must have a lot of archaeology knowledge.
In-gong laughed awkwardly and said,
"Uh... It is just a story I heard as a child.”
His voice was awkward because it was an improvised excuse, but Felicia accepted it.
"Ah, 5th Queen... Sorry, Shutra.”
Felicia’s brow furrowed as she made a really sorry expression.
The 5th Queen Semita Ignus...
The only one among the demon king’s queens who had died and who was Shutra’s mother.
In-gong quickly scratched his head.
“No, it is okay. It is all in the past.”
Felicia’s misunderstanding made it easy to pass over the issue, but he still didn’t feel comfortable.
Carack saw In-gong’s expression and returned to the topic.
"Umm, so the person called Amita is the best blacksmith in the Demon World and is Sword Duke’s friend.”
"It is really great.”
Karma, who had been keeping her mouth shut, cried out in a lively voice. It was a type of courage to try and change the atmosphere.
Thanks to his two faithful subordinates, In-gong could laugh and agree with Karma’s words.
The legendary swordsman was friends with the best blacksmith of the Demon World. Indeed, legends played with other legends.
The sword duke patted Karma’s head and lifted the sword hanging from his waist.
"That person is the one who made this sword. They also made the demon king’s sword.”
The outward appearance of the sword duke’s sword was very plain. There were no patterns or decorations on the sheath and only a red cord was wrapped around the handle of the sword.
However, no one here could think of the sword duke’s sword as ordinary. It had been made by the best blacksmith in the Demon World.
Moreover, the sword duke said that the demon king’s sword had also been made by the same person.
The demon king’s sword. Despite all the weapons that could be obtained travelling around the Demon World, it was the best sword with the highest damage.
Additionally, In-gong knew of one more of Amita’s works.
The strongest weapon in Knight Saga, even surpassing the demon king’s sword...
The Warrior’s Sword.
It was one of the elder dragons, Guardian Queian, who had prepared the materials for the sword and imbued it with all types of powerful magic, but Amita had been the one who made the sword.
In-gong’s chest started throbbing. So, the meeting with Amita was very anticipated.
Felicia, Carack and Karma also contained their excitement as they swallowed their saliva. They were confident of Amita’s abilities after hearing that they had made the demon king’s sword.
"They like to be cooped up in isolation. They also don’t like meeting people, but if you give my name, Amita will meet you once. Whether or not they will take the job depends on Prince’s and Princess’ capabilities.”
The sword duke grinned and stepped back. It meant that he wouldn’t really meddle in this matter.
They could travel to meet the best blacksmith in the Demon World only to be turned away.
However, Felicia just smiled peacefully.
"Well, Shutra will manage to pull it off somehow. I’ll just sneak in with him.”
"Right, if it is Prince, then he can somehow do it.”
‘I think so as well, Master.’
"I believe in His Highness.”
Carack, Green Wind and Karma agreed in turn.
There was no basis for this belief, but the faces of the four people were filed with faith. In fact, In-gong wasn’t much different from the four.
‘It will work out somehow.’
Because he was the protagonist.
He joked inwardly. Looking back on what had happened so far, there had been many unexpected incidents. He wasn’t thinking of just leaving after meeting Amita.
There was no need to panic so early.
‘If it was impossible from the beginning, the sword duke wouldn’t have mentioned it.'
Moreover, it had only been three times, but Amita had made something for In-gong in Knight Saga. He knew roughly what to do to convince Amita to take the job.
The sword duke laughed in amazement at Felicia’s, Carack’s and Karma’s infinite trust in In-gong and said,
"I’ll let you know where that person has been lately. You should go as soon as possible since you never know when Amita may move to another place.”
It made a lot of sense. In Knight Saga, Amita never stayed long in one place and roamed the world.
"But don't worry too much. They should be staying in this place for another half a year.”
In-gong sighed in relief at the sword duke’s further explanation. On the other hand, Felicia was still worried and stepped closer to the sword duke.
"Sword Duke, will we be able to meet Amita on the way back to the Demon King’s Palace?”
"Don’t you think you should report back first?”
“Hehehe.”
Felicia laughed awkwardly. It was too far from Felicia’s usual self that she looked awkward.
'But she is still cute.’
In-gong sneaked a peek at the sword duke. The sword duke burst into laughter after seeing Felicia’s actions.
"That's good. I can’t help but listen since you are so different from your normal self.”
Felicia’s face reddened. The sword duke patted Felicia’s head once before turning his attention to In-gong.
"If you go back this time, you’ll probably get more attention than before. So, it is better to meet Amita before returning.”
It was the reason for Felicia’s uncharacteristic actions.
"I will create a proper mission to investigate the ruins. You will join in order to support me. It might sound strange but you will help the sword duke.”
The series of events at Thunderdoom Fortress weren’t light. In-gong and Felicia didn’t need to report directly when they returned to the Demon King’s Palace, so the palace couldn’t say otherwise if they went off on another mission.
However, it was a different story if they were going with the sword duke. In-gong and Felicia’s new mission was likely to look like a secret mission.
There was also the organization aiming for Zephyr. If it hadn’t been for the sword duke, the party might have been annihilated.
However, there was no way they could hide in the Demon King’s Palace.
Moreover, this was the Demon World. These type of threats weren’t unheard of. In the first place, the children of the demon king were given missions.
In-gong stared at the sword duke once again. Not only had he saved their lives from the man with the spear, he had also handed In-gong a new S rank technique. That alone made him thankful, but he was now giving him the location of Amita. In-gong was sincerely grateful to the sword duke.
“Thank you, Sword Duke.”
"Prince has caught my interest. It isn’t common, so I am doing some unusual things.”
The sword duke seemed like a friendly neighbourhood grandfather, but that wasn’t the case for everyone.
In the past, the man called the sword duke hadn’t been kind at all.
"Anyhow, it seems like we have talked about everything necessary. You look tired, so why don’t we take a break? Have a bath and a meal.”
Felicia and Karma’s eyes lit up at the sword duke’s proposal. Compared to a meal, the two of them wanted to take a bath.
They had the control room, so it wouldn’t be difficult to find a place to rest.
Moreover, Delia had been left in the control room. She was a good example of an aide, so she had likely secured such places already.
"I will take care of disassembling the body of the black dragon. Don’t worry about it.”
The sword duke winked as he pointed his sword to the black dragon. In-gong and Felicia nodded.
“I understand. I will do as you say.”
They were curious about the process of disassembling the dragon, but they were exhausted.
The group left the sword duke and rushed to the control room.
&
In-gong woke up a staggering 14 hours later.
After the bath and a good night’s sleep, Felicia was dressed in the typical outfit of a dark elf.
“The fortress attack is virtually over.”
The control room was in their hands, so they didn’t have to worry about any more traps. The dungeon guardians were also under In-gong’s control and were no longer enemies.
The sword duke appeared with a relaxed face and led the party to the disassembled dragon. The leather, bones, teeth and feet were divided exactly into three parts.
In-gong placed his share, as well as Felicia’s, into the inventory and got to work. It was always fun collecting loot.
Thanks to his foresight in informing the sword duke, there was no need to hide his inventory. Daphne was asked to wait in the control room as In-gong literally starting removing things from Thunderdoom Fortress.
Felicia started discouraging In-gong from where she was watching.
"I don’t know the limit of your inventory magic, but... we should leave a moderate amount behind. Otherwise, the palace will have some doubts.”
Under Felicia’s advice, In-gong decided to keep it to an appropriate amount.
He didn’t touch the armour that the dead dwarves were wearing or anything below a certain level in the warehouses.
The concept for this work was ‘concession.’
The treasures in the treasure halls weren’t shrunk as each person only took one box.
In-gong also gave Green Wind a box as she directed him to the things that she wanted.
Most of the treasures were gold coins engraved with the hammer and lighting that was the symbol of the Dwarf Kingdom.
After many hours passed...
The party returned for Daphne in the control room and finally went to the records room.
It contained numerous records of the Dwarf Kingdom, so Carack looked like a husband dragged by his wife to the department store.
However, Felicia and Delia were different. They started looking at the various records with greedy eyes that were exactly the same as when they had encountered the Thunder Light Anvil.
Karma also enjoyed the records, but her expression soon became the same as Carack. It was because all the records were in dwarven language.
In-gong stepped forward. Bookshelves and shelves filled the large room, so the records would take days to go through.
Among them, something drew in In-gong’s eye.
There was no special reason. He just felt something.
It was at one end of the room, in a place so old that the record was stored as a slab, not a book.
In-gong pulled at one of the stacks. It had protection and weight reduction magic on it, so the slab was very light despite being 50cm in length and width.
A picture was drawn on the slab.
It was a picture in which two different groups were symmetrical to each other.
There were six dragons located on the right side. Four people were located on the left.
Despite it being a slab, the engraved picture was very elaborate. In-gong instantly recognized two of the six dragons.
The Great Enkidu and Watcher Ainkel. They were the six elder dragons.
In-gong swallowed his saliva inadvertently. He also found a familiar face in the group that was opposite the elder dragons.
The golden-crowned female with white hair...
She stood at the forefront of the people.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 74 - Chapter 11: Sword Duke #5
The voice of the woman he had heard every time he used the power of Conquest...
The beautiful woman who emerged in his head in every moment of crisis.
It was only a cold, grey slab, but In-gong naturally coloured in the picture engraved on the slab.
A golden crown, white hair, mysterious red and blue eyes.
Conquest.
That was her name. She wore pure white clothes and led the group.
"War."
He looked at someone behind the white woman and was naturally able to recall the colour.
If the woman wearing the crown was pure white, the woman in armour was crimson.
The woman surrounded by flames was wearing red, blood-like armour. Her eyes were thick and dark blue. They were eyes that reminded him of the sword duke.
Additionally, there were two men behind the women.
One was blue and the other was black. Unlike the previous two women, he couldn’t recall them in his head.
Four people.
Ainkel had called In-gong a Conquest Knight. If so, did the power of Conquest come from these four people, particularly the white woman?
In-gong’s eyes rolled as he thought. The four people had been drawn exactly opposite the elder dragons.
Why were they a mirror image? Did the four people and the elder dragons have a hostile relationship with each other?
The elder dragons were said to have godlike powers.
The four people were opposite them... This might mean the four people were god-like beings comparable to the elder dragons.
‘Watcher Ainkel.’
In-gong had only faced her for a short time. He had merely heard her voice emerge from Green Wind’s mouth.
However, In-gong hadn’t felt like she was an enemy. After conquering Green Wind and taking Ainkel’s dragon heart, instead of thinking of her as an enemy, he felt closer to her.
Why?
Didn’t the four people have a hostile relationship with the elder dragons?
Or did the composition of the picture mean something else?
In-gong tried to find any new clues in the slab, but the slab didn’t have any writing around the picture. He looked at other slabs nearby but couldn’t find anything related.
Conquest Knight...
Conquest and War...
The identity of the remaining two were unknown.
However, their relationship with the elder dragons...
Why did they have a record stored in Thunderdoom Fortress?
In-gong looked back at the white woman. She had a very determined and calm face. He had never seen a different expression on the white woman.
In-gong glanced at the picture one last time before putting it back where it had been originally. He wanted to take it but couldn’t put it in his inventory due to the special protection magic around the archives.
At that time, he heard a whisper from Green Wind,
'Master, can you come over here? I have done something worthy of praise. Look quickly.’
There was a lot of excitement in her voice.
It was a cute child-like voice that bounced continuously.
In-gong smiled involuntarily and turned in the direction of her voice.
“What's going on?"
'I found a record for the elder dragons. The dwarves in this fortress seem to be really interested in dragons.’
Green Wind swung her arms while she sat on White Eagle. She was translucent like a ghost, but her smile was vivid.
'This way, this way.’
Instead of a slab, a large book was waiting for In-gong. There was a stand that the book was placed on, but the stand was made for a dwarf, so it was a little uncomfortable to use.
In-gong solved the problem by sitting on White Eagle and Green Wind sat next to him, urging In-gong on again.
'There is some related content here.’
She had been born from the fragment of Ainkel, so she could also read the dwarf characters. In-gong read the letters, that Green Wind was pointing at, slowly.
'Violent Kaltein.’
An elder dragon with the power of fire.
'Isn’t this useful information?’
He had just read the first line when Green Wind knocked against his side and asked, Instead of looking at Green Wind’s face, In-gong pulled back and looked behind her.
‘Master?’
"No, you don’t have a tail.”
If she did, it would be wagging wildly.
‘I don’t know what Master is talking about.’
Green Wind sounded puzzled, but In-gong just patted her head.
“Well done. I think it will help.”
‘Is that so? Then just read it. I will enjoy the praise after a while. Instead, I’ll ask for the praise to last a little longer.’
Her smiling face was really pleased. It wasn’t merely about the praise but because she had been helpful to In-gong.
In-gong patted her head a few more times before focusing on the contents of the book. It was a legend about the residence of Violent Kaltein.
The elder dragons had aliases that matched their characters.
Enkidu was the tyrant with the power of destruction.
Ainkel was the gentle mother and compassionate to all, while Queian was the wise and thoughtful sage.
Violent Kaltein was the warrior.
He was remembered as a hot dragon due to his ‘violence’, but he was closer to ice than to fire. Kaltein wasn’t easily rattled and he looked at everything with calm eyes.
A cold flame.
A silent warrior who didn’t pull out his sword easily, but once he did, the world would burn with his intensity.
Like the other elder dragons, he was missing. The information in the book was about an old lair that Kaltein had stayed in hundreds of years ago.
‘The book itself was created hundreds of years ago... So, it has been almost a thousand years?’
Suddenly, Ainkel’s death popped into his head. She had lost her life a thousand years ago. Ainkel’s death... The elder dragons disappearing from the world.
In-gong stopped those thoughts and focused on the book again. It was a map from hundreds of years ago, but he could instantly tell where the map was pointing to when he saw it.
'It isn’t far.’
It was very far from where In-gong’s party was, but it was near to where they were going.
It was the place where Amita, the best blacksmith in the Demon World, was staying.
According to the sword duke, Amita was staying near Spider Forest. Spider Forest was close to the land of the lycanthropes while Kaltein’s old lair was at Sun Lake, to the north of Spider Forest.
An elder dragon with the fire attribute had his lair at a lake. Numerous Knight Saga fanatics had searched for Kaltein’s lair and hadn’t found anything.
'It seems like this journey will be a set of destinations.’
After the work with Amita, he was going to meet Chris and Caitlin but he now added Kaltein’s lair as another destination.
If the journey went as planned, he could expect a nice upgrade in terms of equipment.
‘Have you read everything? Master, what do you think?’
Green Wind asked, having run out of patience. Instead of saying anything, In-gong just kept on stroking Green Wind’s head.
&
In-gong’s group stayed at Thunderdoom Fortress for four days.
After they finished going through the armoury and treasures, Felicia started exploring Thunderdoom Fortress as a ruins explorer, not a treasure hunter.
In-gong spent half the day in the archives and the other half in an empty room training. He had wanted to learn a few more things from the sword duke, but the sword duke left the fortress.
‘I will meet Prince again after you return to the Demon King’s Palace. I look forward to Prince being much stronger than you are now.'
It was a farewell that contained a lot of burden.
Unfortunately, he couldn’t find any more information on the elder dragons in the archives. It was the same for the four people, including the white woman.
If there was one consolation, it was Carack’s growth.
The King's Knights was one of Conquest’s skills. Call was the only part of The King's Knights.
“How is it? Don’t you think that you’ve become a little stronger?”
In-gong asked Carack with a voice filled with expectations. It was shortly after using Upgrade for the first time.
The King's Knights- Upgrade.
It was appropriate compensation for something who achieved merits for the king. His position became higher and the power of the king could give him more strength.
Carack had achieved many merits after becoming In-gong’s knight and had already gathered enough merits for an upgrade. Carack, who had upgraded from a soldier to leader of the soldiers, looked at himself slowly. He punched his chest lightly before saying,
"It was worth all that hard work.”
His strength had increased. In particular, his mood had improved significantly. Even though he struck his chest, he never felt sick.
That wasn’t the only effect. Carack didn’t know yet, but his resistance to various attributes, including fire, had increased greatly. He also had a stronger resistance to poison which meant he could now endure a light poison.
'Indeed, the king’s shield.’
Once Call was used, he would become In-gong’s shield, so In-gong nodded with satisfaction.
"Please keep working hard in the future.”
Carack made a strange expression after In-gong’s encouragement, but it was only for a short moment. Within seconds, he smiled and tapped the newly received dwarven magic shield.
Karma looked on with envy as she formed fists and declared.
"I’ll work hard as well.”
If Carack was his shield, then Karma was his shuttle. She was like a moving vehicle for others who weren’t In-gong, but it was still useful.
Looking at Karma’s shining eyes, In-gong was reminded of Caitlin.
‘Won’t she be amazed?’
In-gong’s current strength was no comparison to what it had been when he had last seen her. Caitlin would be greatly surprised at his appearance.
Once he was in the land of the lycanthropes, he was thinking of sparring against Caitlin. Even if he didn’t use Earth Quaker and White Eagle, In-gong felt like he could do fairly well against Caitlin.
'Will she freak out if she knows about Divine Sura Authority?’
He was looking forward to Caitlin’s and Chris’ reactions.
The next morning...
After Felicia confirmed that the party from the Demon King’s Palace had arrived at the nearby village, In-gong’s group left Thunderdoom Fortress.
Felicia stared at Thunderdoom Fortress with eyes that were just as sad as when she had to leave the Thunder Light Anvil, but it was unavoidable. Although the sword duke had said it would be okay for at least half a year, she couldn’t rest assured after knowing about Amita’s wanderlust. It was better to hurry as much as possible.
Then three days after In-gong’s party had departed from the Thunderdoom Fortress, a new person arrived in order to lead the fortress exploration.
It was the 2nd Prince Zephyr Ragnaros.
&
The fact that General Kashubal’s death had been a trap to lure Zephyr had been reported to the Demon King’s Palace.
The draconians, who occupied prestigious positions in the palace, were furious that their prince was targeted, but Zephyr remained calm.
He chose the Thunderdoom Fortress exploration mission, but the demon king, Mitra, did not show any signs of interest.
There were many stories about Zephyr. There were those who called Zephyr arrogant and provocative while others praised the 2nd Prince.
Zephyr behaved as usual after he arrived at Thunderdoom Fortress. He examined the remnants of the shadow puppets, reviewed the progress of Thunderdoom’s exploration and, after completing various office work, looked at the traces of fighting.
He carefully examined the place where the man with the spear had self-destructed, then he visited the armoury, treasure rooms and archives.
Zephyr entered the records room alone and didn’t look at the list of information logged by Felicia. Despite it being his first visit, he moved forward without any hesitation.
A strong attraction that couldn’t be defined led Zephyr to one area.
Just like In-gong, Zephyr stood in front of a pile of slabs. He also pulled out the same stone slab that In-gong had chosen.
The picture of the six elder dragons and four people.
Zephyr knew three of the people.
There was only one face that he didn’t know.
The woman wearing a crown at the forefront.
Zephyr’s eyes narrowed as he turned his gaze towards the three people he already knew.
War, Famine and Death...
And the six elder dragons who were hostile to them.
The forgotten myths and legends. It was a picture from a long time past... a thousand years ago.
The crowned woman caught Zephyr’s eyes once again before he put the slab back where it had been. Rather than searching for other records, he recalled the feeling he had sensed at the central plaza.
The aura of death that remained in the place where the man with the spear had self-destructed.
Zephyr slowly closed his eyes.
That line that had once been broken was continuing again.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 75 - Chapter 12: Legend
After leaving Thunderdoom Fortress, they moved along the mountain range, toward the northwest.
It wasn’t easy to find monsters, beasts or people in the forests near the lycanthrope territory.
On the third day of moving by carriage:
After finishing the camping arrangements, In-gong stood topless in the middle of a clearing. His special training was starting.
"Okay, here goes."
In-gong breathed quickly and cast a spell.
“Fire Arrow!”
A fire arrow emerged from his fingertips!
However, the direction it went in was strange. Instead of heading in front of him, the arrow aimed for In-gong’s chest. It was because In-gong had pointed to himself when he cast the spell.
Paha!
The fire arrow exploded as it hit In-gong’s chest. He quickly prepared the next spell. This time it was a recovery spell.
“Heal!”
He treated his chest with the white light around his right hand. The pain settled and there was a strange feeling of relief and pleasure around his chest.
...A newly developed masochistic tendency.
He attacked himself with magic and healed with recovery magic. It was a training method that raised Fire Arrow and Heal at the same time. However, that wasn’t the only effect.
‘Oh, it’s rising. My Magic Power Control skill is increasing. My durability stat has also risen a little bit!’
It was necessary to adjust the power so that he avoided a critical hit. Doing this continuously increased Magic Power Control.
This training raised the mastery of attack and recovery magic as well as the control of magic power. It was truly a fantastic training.
However, that didn’t mean there were no side effects.
"Tsu tsu... Doing it that way... it is a little perverted...”
‘Master is too scary. He keeps smiling after being hit. He seems to be enjoying it. I like Master, but this is slightly disgusting.’
Carack’s pitying eyes and Green Wind’s gloomy gaze struck his chest.
Moreover, it wasn’t just the two of them.
"It is the first time I’ve seen training like this.”
Felicia sighed with a face indicating that she had given up. She wanted to tell him to stop but didn’t think it was worth it.
Carack asked Felicia,
"Princess, is that really okay? What if he gets a deep-rooted illness?”
The human body wasn’t cast iron. If someone hit it ignorantly, it was more likely to break, than to strengthen.
In the Demon World, it was possible that some species existed that did such ignorant training.
However, Carack had some common sense. Right now, it might seem like the body was becoming stronger but the person would suffer when older.
Felicia sighed and shook her head at Carack’s worried question.
"Surprisingly, it is normal. As Shutra said, his magic skills are increasing. I think it is something that he learnt from Divine Sura Authority. Daphne, don’t you think so?”
"Yes, it really is amazing. 9th Prince’s body is extremely healthy.”
Two people with recovery magic were telling him this, so Carack couldn’t say anything.
Felicia sighed again.
"But looking at it is so strange that I find it hard to hold my tongue. He is lucky.”
"No one would believe me if I told them this.”
Daphne laughed awkwardly.
Felicia frowned and glanced at In-gong. The fire arrow was exploding again.
“Ohhh!”
In-gong suddenly cried out with joy. It was because the level of Fire Arrow had risen.
However, the other people didn’t know about the skill level and just thought he was mad.
Karma clasped her hands together and prayed,
"Green Wind, please keep an eye on His Highness.”
‘Ummm.’
Green Wind, who was the object of the prayer, looked at In-gong with an embarrassed face while Carack clicked his tongue. Instead of praying to Green Wind, he shouted at In-gong,
"Prince! It is time to eat! Eat moderately! You need to eat to live!”
In-gong nodded after hearing Carack’s call. Laughing pleasantly, he put on his top.
"This is our current location. So, tomorrow, we will arrive in the territory of the lycanthropes.”
After a simple meal, the group gathered around a map on the ground. The sky had darkened, but there was no inconvenience due to the light spirit that Daphne summoned.
Felicia gazed at where In-gong was pointing and laughed.
"It is still amazing every time I see it.”
“What?”
"Right now, the stars haven’t risen yet. It is amazing that you can know our current location.”
In-gong’s map-related ability was enough to be called amazing. As the group stared at In-gong, he laughed awkwardly and said,
"I can’t explain it... I just know?”
He couldn’t say that he saw it on the mini-map.
Carack replied to In-gong with a serious expression,
“Well, this is why I hear that geniuses are unlucky.”
“That’s right, that’s right.”
"I agree."
Felicia and Daphne agreed in turn. At first, Carack’s behaviour seemed a bit rude, but they got along well now.
Rather than refute it, In-gong changed the topic.
“Anyway, we will be in the territory of the lycanthropes tomorrow. Are you excited?”
"My heart is pounding. I’ve never seen a lycanthrope.”
Karma exclaimed with shining eyes. Just like Green Wind, she had spent her whole life on the plains, so the journey itself was fun for her.
Felicia stared at Karma with warm eyes and said with a sorry expression,
"I'm sorry, but it’s better not to expect too much. Although we are entering the safe zone, it is only the outskirts. There are no important facilities around here.”
Meeting Amita was the top priority, so they had to take the shortest path. Like Felicia said, they were entering the lycanthrope territory, but it was only the outskirts. So, the probability of encountering a lycanthrope was low.
Karma seemed crestfallen until In-gong spoke,
"We will go to the lycanthrope palace when we return. We are going to use the transfer formation at the palace."
The transfer formations covered every part of the Demon World, but there weren’t transfer formations everywhere. Additionally, the number of formations linked to the Demon King’s Palace was limited.
Of course, that wasn’t the only reason why they planned to visit the lycanthrope palace.
“I am looking forward to going to the palace.”
Felicia said with a small smile. He didn’t know all the details yet, but Felicia was originally estranged from Chris. Thus, this was her first visit.
Carack laughed and asked In-gong,
"Prince, do you want to see 7th Prince and 8th Princess?”
"I do."
It wasn’t just flattery but true words. In particular, he wanted to see Caitlin.
Carack nodded.
"Hrmm, I want to see Seira. I don’t know her well, but... why is everyone looking like that?”
At that moment, the gazes of Delia, Daphne and Karma were unimaginable. Felicia laughed while In-gong raised his hand to Carack’s shoulder and said seriously,
"Carack, perhaps you are a protagonist as well?”
"What nonsense is that?”
In-gong didn’t bother explaining.
&
The next morning, the group of people were ready to resume their journey on the carriage. Felicia’s horses entered the realm of the lycanthropes but nothing changed. Just as before, it was just a grassland with no humanity.
However, that changed when it was time to enter the forest.
"Stop!"
Their carriage was blocked by two lycanthropes. Karma, who was sitting next to Carack, lit up for a moment, but her shoulders soon slumped. It was because the lycanthropes didn’t look very different from humans.
Carack stopped the carriage and looked at the lycanthropes. Then the younger looking soldier shouted threats,
"This road is currently prohibited. Go back!”
A growl was mixed in with his voice, but Carack was calm.
"What's going on?”
"This is an official order from the lycanthrope royalty! So, go back!”
The growl was increasing in volume. Carack scratched his head and looked inside the carriage. In-gong exchanged glances with Felicia before she got off.
"This is the work of the lycanthrope royal family? Perhaps something big is happening?”
The young soldier sniffed at Felicia and stiffened. The older soldier observed Felicia quietly and she ordered,
"I am an officer of the crown. Open the path. I will take responsibility.”
The older soldier thought quickly.
The carriage with no coat of arms, the big orc driving the carriage and the only one sitting next to the orc was a satyr...
A female dark elf... Not only did her colourful clothes look expensive, her behaviour and tone were familiar. She had the appearance of a born noble.
There was no sense of wildness. It was obvious that she wasn’t an ordinary traveller.
However, the younger soldier wasn’t really thinking. He sneered at Felicia and shouted,
"This little bitch is an arrogant one! Don’t go overboard! Do you think that you are royalty?!”
“Yes.”
"Good words... What?”
"I am.”
“You are?”
“Yes.”
Felicia smiled as the young soldier started to sweat.
&
In-gong’s group followed the lycanthrope soldiers through the depths of the forest toward a clear lot where hundreds of tents were set up.
'Isn’t this nostalgic?’
He was reminded of the first time he had visited Cailtin’s camp. At that time, there had been yellow tents like this.
'Wait a minute, yellow tents?’
If In-gong’s memory was correct, the yellow tents definitely belonged to Caitlin. Then was Caitlin here right now?
In-gong turned to Felicia and she made a questioning expression. At that moment, he heard a welcome voice.
“Shutra!”
“Caitlin noona! Chris hyung!”
There was no doubt about it. Chris and Caitlin stood at the entrance of a yellow tent. Both of them seemed surprised by In-gong’s appearance.
In-gong ran to Chris and Caitlin with big steps and both of them opened their arms to welcome him. He hugged Caitlin once and saw Chris’ open arms, but In-gong stepped back instead of hugging him. Chris just chuckled and patted In-gong’s head.
The young soldier was staring at the reunion with a pale face, but no one was paying attention to him. It was because there were many people being ignored.
"Hey, aren’t I here as well?”
Felicia asked sharply, covering her mouth with a fan. Chris responded with an indifferent expression.
“Uh, Noonim?”
It was a deliberate mock response. Felicia’s eyes narrowed and Chris laughed. Caitlin got between the two people.
“Unni!”
“Kyak! Hey, wait a minute. Wait a minute!”
Caitlin hugged Felicia tightly. Caitlin usually had a modest attitude in other places, but right now, this was the territory of the lycanthropes. Moreover, they were among those who knew what Caitlin was like.
While this was going on, Carack was warmly greeted by Seira under the glares of Delia, Karma and Daphne.
"Anyway, let’s go inside.”
Chris said, raising a hand to In-gong’s shoulder. Seira led Carack, Delia and the others over to the lycanthropes. In-gong and Felicia were the only ones who entered the tent.
Felicia flopped down on a chair made of tiger leather and asked,
"What are both of you doing here? Traffic is banned. Did a prisoner escape?”
It wasn’t strange that Chris and Caitlin were together, but the both of them being in this place was unusual.
Chris sat down opposite to Felicia and shrugged.
"Well, something like that. However, what are the two of you doing? I kept on hearing that Shutra’s turning the Demon King’s Palace upside down.”
“Great.”
Caitlin spoke shortly as she sat down next to Chris. Indeed, she had the original shining eyes.
Felicia laughed at the two of them and spoke while crossing her legs,
"Do you want to hear an even more surprising story? Isn’t that right, Shutra?”
All eyes turned to In-gong. In-gong faced a challenge as he stared at Caitlin’s and Chris’ curious expressions.
What should he tell them?
In-gong chose the most amazing topic to tell the two people.
“We met the sword duke.”
Even though it wasn’t the court gathering, exclamations burst out.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 76 - Chapter 12: Legend #2
"So, to recap, the sword duke came to Thunderdoom to meet Shutra, right? His purpose was to teach you a few things.”
Chris summed it up with a disbelieving expression. It was unlike his usual expression, so he was really shocked.
In-gong replied in a calm voice in order to pacify Chris,
“Yes, I’m alive thanks to him. It was really a crisis.”
In-gong not only explained what had happened at Thunderdoom Fortress but at Enger Plains as well. Apart from the sword duke, it was also important to talk about the mysteries they had encountered at Thunderdoom Fortress.
Chris thought about In-gong’s explanation as he leaned back in his chair. After a while, he took a deep breath and leaned forward.
“My mind is all muddled. The events that occurred in Thunderdoom Fortress is definitely serious... The mention of the sword duke keeps bothering me.”
Apart from the demon king, he was the strongest in the Demon King’s Palace.
He was an elder of the sura and the strongest swordsman of the previous era. Living in seclusion, the sword duke was rarely seen at the Demon King’s Palace.
However, no one in the Demon King’s Palace could ignore the sword duke as the Demon World respected the strong. The sword duke had the absolute power required to reverse a situation and the number of people who still followed him couldn’t be counted.
Yet he had moved and it had only been to meet In-gong.
What was the sword duke thinking? Why had he intervened?
If the sword duke actively supported In-gong for the throne, In-gong would become equal to the other three factions.
‘I’ve never seen this before.’
Chris swallowed his words because he couldn’t say them.
Unlike Chris, who was making prideful calculations in his head, Caitlin was as pure as ever. She focused on In-gong’s body instead of the political ramifications of the sword duke’s actions.
“You don’t have any injuries? It was a really dangerous opponent.”
Caitlin scanned In-gong and Felicia’s body. In-gong smiled brightly at the sweet concern in her eyes.
“I’m fine. The sword duke showed up before anything happened.”
“That’s right, that’s right. Really exquisite timing. Doesn’t it seem like he was waiting outside and deliberately appeared at that time?”
Felicia chimed in brighter than usual in order to reassure Caitlin.
It was enough to replace the worry in Caitlin’s eyes with curiosity. She asked In-gong and Felicia,
“Was the zombie dragon big?”
"Huge."
"And Shutra caught the big fish with one strike.”
Felicia laughed as she punched the air. Caitlin’s eyes started sparkling.
“Amazing.”
She started visualizing In-gong killing a zombie dragon in her head. Chris hugged Caitlin’s shoulders and laughed.
“You are now a dragon slayer. Isn’t that amazing?”
"It is thanks to Ascalon. The dungeon guardians were also on our side.”
In-gong replied modestly but his face looked pleased. In-gong was also a person, so he didn’t hate praise like this. Moreover, even In-gong thought it was great.
Then Chris’ expression suddenly changed. He leaned back in his chair again and stared into In-gong’s eyes.
“What is it?”
He asked Chris, who simply shrugged.
"No, doesn’t it feel like you are a man driving a storm? There is a blast everywhere you go.”
At the Jishuka Mountains, the Demon King’s Palace, Enger Plains, the Demon King’s Palace again and the Thunderdoom Fortress...
As Carack had pointed out earlier, In-gong got caught up in a big event wherever he went.
Chris said playfully,
"This is suddenly making me nervous. What if something occurs here as well?”
“Oppa.”
Caitlin rebuked Chris. Chris shook and knocked against Caitlin’s shoulder.
“It’s a joke, a joke.”
'I really hope it ends as a joke. If Carack was here, he would have said that he feels something ominous.’
Green Wind’s voice buzzed in his ears. In-gong turned his head and saw Green Wind in her translucent state. She had been following Carack’s group, but it seemed like she had just returned.
"What is Carack’s group doing?”
In-gong asked and a subtle expression crossed Green Wind’s face.
‘They are chatting and smiling with each other, but the atmosphere is strangely bloody. So, I decided to come here.’
Indeed, Carack.
Maybe he really was a protagonist. He was insensitive to things like this.
Then Caitlin asked In-gong with an anxious voice,
“Shutra?”
“Oh, Green Wind wanted to talk to me.”
In-gong pointed to the place where Green Wind was standing.
“Are you referring to the guardian of Enger Plains? Can we see her?”
“I want to see her as well.”
"Me too.”
After Caitlin, Chris and Felicia also expressed their desire to see Green Wind...
“Greenie?”
‘I told you not to call me Greenie. I dislike Master who keeps ignoring my words.’
Green Wind’s face was sulky as she spoke to In-gong. In-gong called out Green Wind’s name,
“Green Wind.”
‘Bah!’
Green Wind snorted but obeyed. She appeared in front of him.
“Wah.”
"The guardian of Enger Plains.”
Like In-gong, Chis and Caitlin had carried out the casios subjugation mission previously. Caitlin was excited about the fact that she was looking at the guardian, but Chris had more thoughts.
‘He gained the support of the centaurs.’
Green Wind was the guardian of the centaurs. It was clear that the centaurs, including Ferocious Eyes, would support In-gong due to Green Wind.
He wasn’t the Scrap Prince anymore.
In addition to his skills, the environment was changing.
The demon king’s interest, the sponsorship of the sword duke and the patronage of the guardian… Although it was still weak, he had the support of some interesting forces.
Chris added the power of the lycanthropes as well.
‘And...’
Chris’ gaze headed toward Felicia. Felicia’s red eyes stared at Chris like she had noticed his gaze.
They had a short exchange, then the two of them looked back at Green Wind after hearing Caitlin’s voice.
It was because Green Wind had disappeared.
“She is shy.”
‘It’s not like that.’
Green Wind retorted as always before In-gong looked at Chris. Chris shrugged and replied,
“Anyway... the mysterious forces... It isn’t unusual if they influenced the Red Lightning tribe’s rebellion like Shutra said. It is likely to continue in the future.”
More than anything, he was concerned about the man who self-destructed in front of the sword duke.
That type of strong person who had chosen to self-destruct without any hesitation... Did that mean he was from a thorough organization or that a strong person like that was common?
"Well, it seems inevitable. This is the Demon World.”
His words were similar to the sword duke’s.
There was always someone in the Demon World who tried to challenge the Demon King’s Palace. As the children of the demon king, it was inevitable they would to encounter such forces.
Thus, Chris didn’t drag out the story of the unknown force for long. Rather, he was interested in something else.
"The demon king and the sword duke... Knowing Silvan, he will make a big fuss.”
A pleased expression formed on his face just by imagining it. He didn’t attach a suffix like when he called Felicia ‘noonim’ and after recalling Caitlin’s words, In-gong could guess at the relationship between Silvan and Chris.
Felicia sighed and said,
"Silvan uses a sword. He has always wanted to learn from the sword duke.”
However, that hadn’t happened.
Now, the sword duke had approached In-gong and had been the one who suggested teaching him.
"Hmm, then the sword duke is Shutra’s guardian?”
Chris scratched his chin at Felicia’s question and she replied,
"I guess so.”
"Why, does Noonim want to be it?”
Felicia flinched and covered her face with her fan. Caitlin focused on In-gong instead of the two people.
"Shutra, what did you learn from the sword duke?”
"I’m curious as well.”
Chris quickly turned toward In-gong. Felicia raised her chin and teased,
"Won’t everybody be surprised to know?”
Chris’ gaze went back to Felicia and she once again hid her face with her fan.
In-gong was still staring at Caitlin as he expressed the idea he had at Thunderdoom Fortress.
"Caitlin noona, do you want to spar with me?”
Caitlin’s eyes shone. The sparkle in her eyes was different from the usual admiration. She was obviously excited.
"Okay."
Caitlin rose instantly from her seat.
&
“I’ll concede five hits.”
In-gong and Caitlin stood facing each other in the open space. In-gong wanted to conceal the spar, so there was no one around except for Chris and Felicia.
Conceding five hits...
He had seen it in many novels and this saying was personally familiar to In-gong. Caitlin always said this in their previous spars.
Caitlin would stand in one place and receive In-gong’s attacks.
'Only five… Shows that I’ve developed a lot.’
Originally, she had conceded around 20~30 hits. However, In-gong wasn’t going to stop at that much.
In-gong had obviously become stronger. The comparison with Villager A was now meaningless.
How strong had he become? In-gong wondered about his level compared to the other children of the demon king, including Caitlin.
'I will do my best.’
He didn’t intend to make a fool of himself; Caitlin was going to receive In-gong’s power.
'First, I will start with Divine Sura Authority.’
His breathing changed. From the very beginning of the spar, his white aura rose like flames.
Caitlin and Chris flinched back as the white aura burst out like a fierce fire. However, that wasn’t the end. In-gong still had methods to enhance his strength.
Protection of the Wind Lv2. It was a spell Green Wind had taught him.
Activation Lv1. That was the basic stage of the spirit magic Daphne had used.
Green Wind wound around In-gong’s legs. The wind spirit added to In-gong’s strength.
There was still one more.
‘Dragon Blood!’
The power of a dragon humanoid obtained from Watcher Ainkel.
In-gong’s aura surged. Despite not being equipped with Earth Quaker and White Eagle, In-gong’s combat power was greatly enhanced. His aura itself seemed to growl.
In-gong breathed out as he looked at Caitlin and took the posture of Beast Authority. Caitlin also hurriedly took the posture of Beast Authority but her expression was a mess. It was like when she was asked to smash a cliff with her fists.
Why?
Then Felicia hit In-gong’s back.
“Shutra you fool! Are you trying to hurt Caitlin? Do you really want to make her concede in five hits?”
"Caitlin, you don't need to concede anything. Use all your strength.”
Chris spoke in a heavy tone. Both eyes were filled with doubt instead of playfulness.
“But...”
Caitlin stared at In-gong and mumbled. In-gong understood how Caitlin felt. Caitlin always strived to keep her word.
In-gong maintained the battle posture and declared in a serious tone.
"I’m also asking you. I want to know my exact level.”
It was sincere. He was more interested in confirming his current level than being praised for continued growth.
The man with the spear.
He would have died if the sword duke hadn’t come.
In-gong, Felicia, Carack, Karma, Daphna and Delia would have all died. Maybe even Green Wind would’ve come to an end.
He had to become stronger. Enough so that he could beat Zephyr!
Caitlin nodded. Instead of saying any more, she revealed her aura.
A dark blue aura.
In-gong’s breath poured out. Caitlin formed a fist. Then she sprang forward.
Caitlin was fast. She was like lightning as she moved. But he didn’t miss it. Now In-gong could follow Caitlin’s movements. He reached out as she charged forward.
Great Mountain.
A technique taught by the sword duke.
It was a huge barrier that could crush Caitlin. Instead of resisting, she adapted to Great Mountain. She flew back and twisted her body in the air. Then she sprang forward the moment she landed.
But the situation was different from before. In-gong was also racing towards her.
Caitlin and In-gong’s eyes met. Caitlin’s fist headed towards In-gong’s head. In-gong moved his upper body and avoided the attack. Like flowing water, In-gong counter-attacked.
Lightning!
As the name suggested, a white flash appeared above Caitlin’s head. Instead of confronting it, Caitlin threw her body back and dodged. She rolled on the floor and In-gong’s back was exposed to her. Green Wind screamed in his ears.
‘Master!’
A dark blue aura was around Caitlin’s fist. However, In-gong didn’t allow her to strike. This is because the wind had informed him.
The explosive power of Divine Beast Authority and the swiftness of Wind Style.
As Caitlin aimed for him, In-gong twisted his body. In the aftermath, his feet moved as he faced Caitlin again and his fist stretched out.
A fierce battle occurred. In-gong had more strength but Caitlin was faster. The two exchanged over 10 attacks as they used all their power as promised.
It was a situation where they would defend as soon as there was an attack.
In-gong’s technique transformed in this situation. Aura exploded in the air as both In-gong and Caitlin had the same idea. This wasn’t a minor blow but a powerful one that both sides prepared. Despite the fierce competition, they couldn’t help laughing as they struck each other.
Explosive Power!
Blue and white mixed together. There was a huge roar as their eyes were momentarily blinded by light.
The earth churned wildly. In-gong smiled as he withdrew his right arm and Caitlin was the same. Just like a wild prey before assaulting the prey, she smiled brightly.
The second stage began.
The two people once again produced a strong aura. Then a giant aura storm rose between the two of them.
It was Chris Moonlight.
He intervened between In-gong and Caitlin with a huge aura that attracted their eyes.
“Divine Beast Authority. But it isn’t Divine Beast Authority. Rather, it has developed into something else. What the hell happened?"
The battle was brief. There weren’t many exchanges.
However, Chris was the successor of Divine Beast Authority so he could see it. The source of the white aura was something other than Divine Beast Authority.
In-gong turned off his aura and took a normal posture. Despite witnessing Chris’ mighty power, he remained calm.
Chris wasn’t an unreachable cliff. He was a mountain that could definitely be climbed.
“Divine Sura Authority.”
In-gong didn’t conceal it. He had a solid alliance with Chris and Caitlin. In order to develop Divine Sura Authority that came from Divine Beast Authority, their help was required in order to master Divine Beast Authority.
“Divine... Sura Authority?”
In-gong nodded at Chris’ question. A vibrant aura flowed in his body as he replied.
"It is a new aura management technique that combines Sura Heart Law and Divine Beast Authority.”
Caitlin’s eyes widened while Chris’ shoulders slumped. They stared at In-gong with bemused expressions.
&
“Ama-zing!”
"Why is Noonim saying this? Shutra is the great one, not Noonim.”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 77 - Chapter 12: Legend #3
"Ama-zing!”
Caitlin’s golden eyes shone like lanterns. They were like bright rays of moonlight floating between dark blue hair.
After returning to the tent and explaining roughly, Chris couldn’t help cursing. Instead of Caitlin’s pure admiration, he shook his head.
"I can’t believe it. You managed to combine the aura management method you learnt from the sword duke with Divine Beast Authority? You did it unconsciously?”
There was nothing to say. Chris had grown up hearing he was a genius, but he had never imagined doing something like this.
"I thought that you really had a crazy talent when you learnt Aura but...”
When he thought about it, the process of learning Aura itself was extraordinary. Moreover, In-gong had only learnt it a few months ago and only taken a short time to catch up to Caitlin in a spar. So, the word ‘genius’ was lacking.
Felicia laughed triumphantly at Chris’ expression that was close to a mental collapse. She folded her arms and spoke like she was showing off.
“The sword duke was also very surprised. He said that In-gong’s talent may be comparable to Zephyr orabeoni’s.”
“Wah, really?”
Caitlin’s eyes widened with surprise. She had never held a conversation with 2nd Prince Zephyr, but she knew how great 2nd Prince was.
Felicia nodded vigorously at Caitlin’s answer.
“Really. Wasn’t I there? It was the first time I’d seen the sword duke look so surprised.”
In fact, she had only encountered the sword duke a few times, but it was still the first time she saw him surprised.
Caitlin was filled with admiration again as Felicia raised her chin. Chris, who had been watching quietly, opened his mouth again,
"Why is Noonim saying this? Shutra is the great one, not Noonim.”
Felicia didn’t get upset about the sharp criticism. She simply laughed at Chris and turned toward In-gong.
"Anyway, I was also surprised. And it is amazing.”
When Chris first met Shutra at the Red Lightning tribe, he had no other feelings. He had simply thought of Shutra as a half-sibling that Caitlin wanted to get along with.
However, that wasn’t the case. He was someone with much more value.
He was a jewel buried in the mud. Deciding to teach Shutra Divine Beast Authority was the best investment he had made in his life.
In-gong was a prince who didn’t belong to any of the three factions in the Demon King’s Palace.
Instead of hiding it, Chris announced his request clearly.
"Shutra, can you teach Caitlin and I Divine Sura Authority?”
A little more research was need but if Chris was right, Divine Sura Authority was definitely a development of Divine Beast Authority. It wouldn’t cause any trouble if they learnt it.
Chris’ eyes gleamed with hot ambition.
However, it was a request that couldn’t be accepted. It was unfortunate that the SS rank Divine Sura Authority couldn’t be passed onto the two people.
In-gong frowned with confusion as he said,
"I'm sorry, maybe because I didn’t do it consciously... I think it isn’t possible right now.”
His words were the truth. In-gong had yet to grasp Divine Sura Authority completely. He didn’t know how to teach the circuit that his aura travelled around. However, it wasn’t just that.
‘It needs to reach at least level five before I can teach it.’
Divine Sura Authority was currently level three. The points and proficiency needed for it to level up were enormous because the skill was SS ranked. Right now, it was impossible to raise it to level five.
Caitlin’s shoulders slumped sadly at In-gong’s answer. Chris stared straight into In-gong’s eyes and sighed.
“It doesn’t seem like a lie but for the creator to not be able to pass it on... it is ridiculous.”
At the end, he laughed and knocked against In-gong’s shoulder.
‘He is suspicious.’
Unlike Caitlin, Chris didn’t believe In-gong’s words. However, that was normal. If In-gong was in Chris’ position, he would show a similar behaviour.
'So, Caitlin is better.’
In-gong glanced toward Caitlin, who formed fists and declared.
“It is really amazing. I have to work even harder. I don’t want to fall behind.”
He could feel her sincerity and enthusiasm.
In-gong was also impressed that Caitlin wasn’t jealous of In-gong. Even though his aura had improved over two months, rather than feeling jealous, she looked towards improvement.
It wasn’t easy. This might be an innate aspect of Caitlin.
‘She is shining.’
It was serious and not a joke. Felicia thought the same.
"I can’t believe that I am even siblings with Caitlin.”
As she spoke, she stretched out both hands and grabbed Caitlin. Chris just sneered like it was nonsense,
"Is Noonim my sibling?”
Felicia ignored him and kept patting Caitlin’s head. In the end, Chris burst out laughing.
“Anyway... you are strong. Really. Don’t I have to worry, now?”
Chris still had far more pure aura. It was almost double In-gong’s. Yet In-gong had caught up to Caitlin after only two months. The nature of aura meant it wasn’t difficult to reach a certain level of accomplishments, but if Chris was careless, In-gong could catch up to him in an instant.
In-gong raised both hands and waved them.
“I still have a long way to go. I need to learn more about Divine Beast Authority.”
There were too many techniques that he hadn’t learnt yet. The whole reason why he confessed honestly was for the purpose of getting help from Caitlin and Chris.
Chris nodded slowly.
"I like that desire to improve. I may not be as good as the sword duke, but I will teach you.”
"I know.”
It was a warm sight between brothers. Felicia gazed at the both of them, then Caitlin opened her mouth,
"That reminds me, why are both of you here?”
"Well, there must be some reasons. Noonim and Shutra, what is going on? Don’t you have to return to the Demon King’s Palace after finishing your mission at Thunderdoom Fortress?”
Chris asked question after question. Felicia’s eyes narrowed and she shrugged as she replied,
"The sword duke introduced us to a friend of his."
Felicia exchanged glances with In-gong and he explained briefly to Chris and Caitlin about Amita.
"Hmm, I didn’t know there was such a craftsman in the area. They are definitely someone I want to meet once.”
Unlike Caitlin whose eyes flashed, Chris was pretty calm.
'Indeed, regardless of the name, they are the sword duke’s friend. Just think of them as an excellent craftsman.’
Moreover, the nature of the lycanthropes meant they didn’t really wear any armour. It was obvious that Chris would be less excited than In-gong.
However, Caitlin was courteous. She asked In-gong with curious eyes,
"Are you making black dragon leather?”
"If possible, I will ask them to make something for Noona.”
The materials were overflowing. The question was whether Amita would take an additional order.
“But I can’t promise anything.”
"Thank you for the thought.”
Caitlin laughed brightly again. Just looking at her face was enough to make In-gong feel refreshed. Felicia sat with In-gong to her left and Caitlin to her right, then asked Chris,
"Now, it is your turn. Why are the both of you here?”
Chris had deflected this question twice, so she was suspicious about the reason.
Caitlin looked at Chris with an embarrassed face and he sighed. Instead of lying, he answered honestly,
"I can tell Shutra, but it’s a little harder to tell Noonim.”
Felicia’s face stiffened momentarily, but she nodded. She could understand even if she was upset.
"Okay, then should I go out?”
Felicia’s question made Chris sigh again. He leaned back and spoke in a small voice,
"I can tell Noonim as long as you promise not to leak it anywhere.”
"Can you believe me?”
"I trust you now."
Felicia was satisfied despite not being trusted in the past. In fact, the relationship between Felicia, Chris and Caitlin had changed greatly since the Red Lightning tribe expedition.
“Okay, I’ll tell you, but you can’t tell your mother or Silvan.”
Chris believed Felicia’s verbal promise. She wasn’t the type of make a promise she wouldn’t keep.
Chris spoke slowly,
"A prisoner escaped. Caitlin and I are searching for the prisoner here.”
"Is it normal for the two of you to chase after a prisoner?”
“It isn’t normal. The prisoner was trapped in the lowest level of the Grey Tower.”
The Grey Tower was the lycanthrope prison where the worst prisoners were stored. There had been an event related to the prisoners in Knight Saga.
A prisoner trapped in the lowest level of the grey tower...
In-gong knew the prisoner’s name.
"Gerard Moonlight."
Chris said and Felicia’s eyes suddenly widened. She stood up and asked,
“Wait, Moonlight?”
That was the name of the lycanthrope royal family.
Caitlin shrugged and replied,
"Gerard Moonlight is my mother’s brother... We would call him uncle.”
&
"It has been 20 years since Gerard entered the Grey Tower. It was before Caitlin and I were born. It was even before Noonim was born.”
Chris explained in a rough tone. It seemed like he didn’t think of Gerard as a relative.
"Originally, he had been a mighty warrior that the lycanthropes were proud of. If he hadn’t gone crazy, he would have taken the throne instead of Mother.”
Gerard was the actual heir to the throne. Moreover, he had been an excellent warrior.
However, Felicia had never once heard of him.
“What on earth happened?”
"He became crazy about getting stronger. He couldn’t endure it when he hit a wall. Gerard wasn’t satisfied with Divine Beast Authority alone and started to reach for other means. I don’t have to tell you the ending, right?”
Chris’ face was quite tense. In-gong knew the evil of Gerard through Knight Saga and nodded.
"Gerard went completely crazy and it was a disaster. He was one of the members of the lycanthropes’ royal family and had received Divine Beast Authority. So, in order to subdue him, a great sacrifice was made.”
The death toll had been in the hundreds. Furthermore, the hundreds of people had not been ordinary soldiers. More than half of them had been powerhouses belonging to the lycanthropes’ royal guards.
"It was fortunate that everything was finished in the palace. There wasn’t any additional damage and... the lycanthropes didn’t know what was going on. The royal family erased all records of Gerard. Externally, it was declared that he had become sick and died.”
“But he was alive?”
Chris nodded at Felicia’s question.
"Mother couldn’t stand to kill him. Before he went crazy, he was her dear brother. So, she put him at the lowest level of the Grey Tower.”
Now, the worst lycanthrope had escaped from the Grey Tower.
Felicia shook her head and asked with a serious expression,
"Wait a minute, wait a minute. Isn’t this abnormal? Is it possible for us to stay here with you?”
Chris and Caitlin had come here to catch Gerard.
Chris waved his hands like he was trying to reassure Felicia.
“Rest assured. Gerard was the strongest warrior 20 years ago. It isn’t an exaggeration to say that he lost more than half his aura in the final battle. Moreover, the Grey Tower has been eating at him for 20 years, so he wouldn’t have recovered yet. The Grey Tower is such a place.’
Elaine Moonlight’s crazy brother... He didn’t get better despite medical care.
Caitlin grabbed Felicia’s hands and started talking.
"I received a report this morning. Uncle Gerard... No, Gerard had gone to the east.”
It was the exact opposite direction of this place.
Felicia sighed with relief, but In-gong couldn’t feel relieved so easily. He looked back at Chris and asked,
"Surely, he didn’t break out using his own power?”
In-gong knew about Gerard and the Grey Tower because there had been a related event in Knight Saga.
Breaking Gerard out in order to weaken the strength of the lycanthropes... It was an optional event that hadn’t been required, but the one behind it had been Zephyr. Did that mean Zephyr was involved in his event?
Chris’ eyes narrowed as he replied to In-gong’s question,
"I think he had some help. We are also investigating that.”
If Zephyr had truly intervened, then the story was becoming quite serious. Additionally, if it was really Zephyr, In-gong had to figure out why he moved much faster than he had in Knight Saga.
After Chris finishing telling the story, he alternated between looking at In-gong and Felicia.
"It happened 20 years ago and it is now a task inside the lycanthrope territory. It can’t be dismissed. We can’t turn a blind eye. I will finish this case with the power of the lycanthropes like they did 20 years ago.”
He was saying he didn’t want them to intervene, even if it was as a helping hand.
Felicia and In-gong exchanged glances and In-gong nodded.
Felicia declared,
"Okay, we were just passing by anyway. I hope that it is resolved well.”
“Thank you.”
Chris rose from his seat and cried out in a mock excited voice,
"The atmosphere is too heavy. Like I said, there is no need to worry. The strongest among the lycanthropes is right here. It will work out well. So, go eat and get a good night’s sleep.”
“Okay, then let’s go eat. I’m looking forward to it.”
Felicia responded with the same tone. Chris laughed at Felicia and clapped before calling out to those waiting outside. He treated In-gong and Felicia to a lavish meal.
&
The tent assigned to In-gong wasn’t very big, but there was a cozy and comfortable feeling thanks to the multiple layers of leather.
After doing a training set which included Telekinesis, Dwarf Characters, Dragon Characters and the newly learnt Divine Sura Authority, In-gong went to bed. He felt regretful leaving Caitlin and Chris, but he had to leave on the journey again tomorrow.
In-gong fell asleep, then he stood in darkness.
It was a familiar sight but different from before. There was only one person in the darkness, not four.
‘Conquest.’
The golden-crowned female with white hair. Her one red eye and one blue eye stared at In-gong.
In-gong approached her. He could sense her every time he took one step closer. It was evident that something was blooming in the darkness as it wrapped around her body.
It was the same face he had seen on the slab, but her expression was different. The white face didn’t have a cruel ruthlessness but was affectionate and kind. It was like Ainkel’s face in the illusion.
In-gong narrowed the distance and reached a few steps away from the white woman. He froze in place when the white woman smiled.
Conquest, one of the four people drawn on the slab... Maybe she was an existence that could match the elder dragons.
Who was she? Was she the one who brought In-gong to this world? Why was she showing herself in front of In-gong.
"Who are you?”
In-gong asked, but instead of answering, the white woman looked at him with eyes full of regret. She lifted her hand suddenly and pointed behind In-gong.
In-gong looked back reflexively. It wasn’t only because of the white woman’s hand gesture. He could feel it.
There was something located beyond the darkness.
It was a dark area that could be identified even in the darkness.
Both familiar and unfamiliar, In-gong had already felt this sensation once before.
At Thunderdoom Fortress, it had come from the blue aura released by the man with the spear.
This was different from then; it wasn’t ‘Death’.
"Famine.”
The darkness fell apart the moment In-gong spoke, then the dark aura rose like wildfire.



Previous Chapter




 Next Chapter







Chapter 78 - Chapter 12: Legend #4
In-gong jumped up. It was dark and cold, but his back was moist with sweat.
A dream.
No, it wasn’t an illusion.  
The golden-crowned female with white hair and the black aura that was present beyond the darkness...
In-gong moved his gaze in the same direction that the white woman had pointed in. It was weak but obvious. He could feel the black aura.
Famine.
He couldn’t explain why the word ‘famine’ had popped up, but that was the word that clearly represented the aura.
Conquest, War, Death and Famine.
He had felt the aura of Death at Thunderdoom Fortress.
Now, he could feel Famine.
Why?
According to the picture on the slab, they should be on the same side as In-gong who had Conquest, but it didn’t feel friendly. The aura was like a huge enemy.
In-gong finished organizing his thoughts. The aura of Famine was approaching and sinister hostility could be felt. Now was the time to act, not think.
‘Carack.’
He suddenly thought of Carack. At the same time, an ominous feeling that couldn’t be compared to before covered his entire body. As a member of the The King's Knights, he was connected to In-gong.
“Carack!”
In-gong yelled. He invoked the skill Call.
“Cough!”
Carack appeared in front of In-gong. Carack landed on his ass but quickly grasped the situation. He got up and shouted at In-gong,
"Enemy, the enemy! Two soldiers on watch with me were attacked!”
In-gong hurriedly pulled on his pants and top, then instantly opened the inventory and equipped Earth Quaker, White Eagle and the Dragon Scale Greaves.
Carack continued to speak,
"He’s small but immensely strong. He is wrapped in a black aura and has grey hair. A long scar on the cheek... A warrior. He doesn’t use any weapons.”
As expected, Carack remembered the face despite the unexpected situation. He knew what In-gong needed right now.
Grey hair, a long scar on the left cheek and no weapons...
"Gerard Moonlight."
The reasons were insufficient, but he felt sure due to his intuition. Each of them were distinct features, but together, they told a story. It was obviously Gerard Moonlight.
“Carack, what is his location?”
"Uh, I went out to look around, so it is outside the defenses of the camp.”
Carack had a meticulous personality, so he couldn’t rest easily. It had always been his habit to look around the surrounding terrain to find passages and escape routes.
In-gong looked at the mini-map. He couldn’t see the red and blue dots because it was outside his recognition range, but he could guess the approximate distance.
He was, at most, 500 metres away. If he sprinted using Divine Beast Authority, it would only be a short distance.
In-gong left the tent hurriedly. The moon was shining brightly, so he could see the surroundings clearly even though it was deep into the night. Once again, In-gong faced an unexpected situation.
“Shutra?”
Chris and Caitlin, who were dressed in leather armour and greaves, were standing between the tents. Behind them, there were 20 of the lycanthrope royal guards standing in an orderly manner.
Did they find out about Gerard’s raid and were preparing?
‘No.’
It couldn’t be. If it was, the alarm would have already been called. Moreover, their faces were very different from someone going to greet the enemy. The two of them were embarrassed to face In-gong.
Why?
In-gong quickly realized,
‘This isn’t due to Gerard. They have another purpose here.’
Despite receiving a report this morning that Gerard was in the east, the two hadn’t moved their troops.
It wasn’t to prepare for an unforeseen situation.
Gerard was also strange. If Gerard had gone to the east in order to escape, why had he come here? Instead of leaving the territory of the lycanthropes, he showed up where Chris and Caitlin were.
“Gerard has showed up. He is attacking the soldiers on the outskirts and might be here soon.”
In-gong said quickly and astonishment formed on Chris and Caitlin’s faces. In-gong continued speaking without slowing down,
"Tell me, why are the two of you here? I don’t think it is due to Gerard.”
Chris gritted his teeth. His eyes shook as he hesitated on whether to answer. It was Caitlin who opened her mouth,
"It is because of the Moonlight Extract.”
Chris looked at Caitlin urgently but didn’t stop her. She then continued on in a decisive voice because if Gerard had really appeared, now wasn’t the time to keep secrets.
"It is a herb that blooms once in a 100 years. Oppa and I came here in order to wait for the Moonlight Extract to bloom. We heard about Gerard’s jailbreak afterwards. Right now, we were just about to go and pick the Moonlight Extract.”
The stories that had been scattered randomly started to converge.
Moonlight Extract, In-gong knew that item. One of the treasures of the lycanthropes, it was obtained by defeating either Chris or Caitlin at the large lycanthrope battle. It was a consumable item with a huge recovery effect as it could heal someone even if they were on their last breath.
Chris looked back at In-gong.
"Do you think Gerard is aiming for the Moonlight Extract?”
That was a possibility. No, it was highly likely when thinking of the story.
Gerard’s body was ruined due to staying in the Grey Tower for many years.
He was still obsessed with becoming stronger, so he wouldn’t allow his body and mind to remain weakened.
Chris didn’t wait for an answer. He was breathing roughly with excitement.
"It doesn’t matter. Although it is secondary, catching Gerard is also one of the purposes. If he shows up, we will overpower him.”
A blue aura surrounded him and it was at that moment...
"Kyaaak!"
A scream rang out. There wasn’t any intense light, but he could tell by the sound alone what had happened. Moreover, the scream was familiar.
“Felicia!”
In-gong shot off like lightning. Chris and Caitlin immediately followed as they headed to a place with red flames. It was clearly Felicia’s specialty, the fire barrier.
“Green Wind!”
In-gong raised his left hand like he was going to throw White Eagle. Green Wind understood In-gong’s intentions and spread out the metal plates to fly. White Eagle would fly first to defend Felicia.
Chris also gave commands while running. The lycanthropes blew their horns and all the soldiers who heard them moved. More than 100 lycanthropes cried out and the whole forest seemed to shake.
The moment seemed to last a long time. Finally, he arrived at Felicia’s tent where a barrier of fire rose into the sky. Felicia was standing behind White Eagle and, fortunately, she wasn’t hurt. Delia, who seemed somewhat injured, was limping beside her.
‘Master!’
Instead of answering, In-gong rushed forward toward Felicia. White Eagle was returned to his left arm as he looked simultaneously at both the mini-map and the scene before him.
A man was standing beyond the blazing flames.
There was only one red dot on the mini-map.
Famine.
A black aura.
He was different from the Gerard that In-gong had faced in Knight Saga. This Gerard was surrounded by a black aura instead of a grey one and the power of Famine was felt from the darkness.
Lycanthrope soldiers were lying at Gerard’s feet. One was reminiscent of a mummy.
Even though they had just met, In-gong’s throat seemed dry.
It was like when he had faced the man with the spear at Thunderdoom Fortress.
Gerard was comparable to him. In-gong couldn’t guess who out of the two of them was stronger, but it was obvious that Gerard was overwhelming.
The Gerard in Knight Saga hadn’t been this strong. He was obviously a strong presence, but like Chris explained, his body was ruined due to living in the Grey Tower for so long.
If there was a difference, it was that he was influenced by the black power of Famine.
Chris and Caitlin stood next to In-gong. The lycanthropes raised their aura like ignited flames and surrounded Gerard.
On the mini-map, dozens of blue dots were surrounding one red dot, but despite this, Gerard didn’t feel any fear. His calm face looked beyond the flames.
“You are Chris, Elaine’s child. The one next to you is Caitlin?”
He was expressionless, but there was some warmth in his voice. Caitlin bit her lip while Chris stretched out his right hand and blocked Caitlin. He stared at Gerard and said,
"Rebel Gerard. There will be no conversation between you and I. Gerard Moonlight of the lycanthrope royal family died on that day 20 years ago.”
Chris seemed to be speaking to Caitlin instead of Gerard. Caitlin formed tight fists while Gerard gave a small smile.
“Your decisive side resembles Elaine.”
Felicia’s fire barrier eventually collapsed and at that moment, Gerard’s hand moved. Dozens of dark energies crossed the air at the same time.
White Eagle spread out and protected In-gong, Felicia and Delia, while Chris swung his fists at the dark energies headed towards him and Caitlin. Carack raised his shield as he grabbed Seira’s waist.
However, most of the ordinary lycanthrope warriors couldn’t respond properly. Dozens of lycanthropes were struck in the neck or eyes. There was the smell of poison and even burning.
Gerard's smile grew even bigger. Gerard’s hands went to his waist and one of the lycanthrope commanders shouted urgently,
"Hit him!”
Dozens of lycanthropes moved simultaneously. They had witnessed Gerard’s unusual offensive and couldn’t ignorantly allow him to do whatever he wanted.
Gerard rolled his grey eyes. Instead of striking the lycanthrope warriors, his fists hit the ground.
Kwang!
The earth shook violently and the black aura around Gerard soared into the sky. He rushed forward as the lycanthropes were thrown into the air.
However, that wasn’t the end. He pushed off against the ground and grabbed the throat of one of the lycanthropes. Gerard literally threw the soldier to the ground and declared,
"Drain.”
It was a word containing power.
In-gong sensed it intuitively.
The power of Conquest shouted,
‘Famine!’
It was the power to drain energy!
The body of the lycanthrope soldier, which looked like a gigantic bear, quickly shrivelled up. Without even a scream, he became as dry as a mummy that was several hundred years old.
The power of Conquest which conquered all things and blessed them with strength.
The power of Famine that took away all strength...
Gerard’s black energy became stronger. It seemed like the lycanthrope soldier’s life force had strengthened him.
Gerard raised his head. While the lycanthrope warriors shook with trepidation, Chris formed fists. He kicked at the ground angrily.
“Caitlin!”
Caitlin immediately responded to the command. The two people triggered their auras and rushed toward Gerard.
Gerard grinned at both of them. He welcomed the two people with his black aura.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 79 - Chapter 12: Legend #5
Spending 
20 years in solitary without sunlight... 
In-gong couldn’t imagine it. 
He couldn’t guess what emotions or thoughts he would have felt during that time. 
Miasma. 
It wasn’t 
just
 the power of Famine that turned the aura pitch black. Gerard’s deep-seated grudge and resentment dyed his aura into a dark s
had
e. 
Chris had a hunch when Gerard blew away several lycanthrope soldiers in his first attack. 
Ordinary soldiers wouldn’t be able to deal with him. Considering the strange power he used, there was a possibility
 that rather than exhausted, 
he would be strengthened.
It would just be a futile sacrifice. Even though it was risky, Chris had to do it himself. 
Chris struck Gerard from the front. Caitlin used to time to make up for Chris by piercing through the gap. 
A pincer move that couldn’t be done with just anyone. They needed to be aware of each other’s breaths as well as what attacks were on the way. In a pincer move, those who couldn’t engage with each other weren’t able to create gaps. 
Chris and Caitlin’s pincer move was perfect
 as t
he two of them knew each other very well. It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that they were two different bodies moving as one. 
Gerard wasn’t pushed at all by the stormy joint attack. He proved why he 
had been
 called the strongest lycanthrope 20 years ago b
y
 blocking all the attacks from Chris and Caitlin. It was so exquisite that it was like the three people were dancing. 
The lycanthrope soldiers didn’t dare get in the way of the three people. Felicia had gathered magic power in her hands, but she couldn’t do anything. 
In-gong breathed calmly as he observed the s
cene
. Despite drawing with Caitlin in the spar, he wouldn’t be able to interfere. I
f 
n-gong moved
,
 it was more likely that he would ruin their flow. 
‘The power of Famine.’ 
Gerard drained the life force of the lycanthrope soldiers. After the life force was robbed, the black energy was visibly strengthened. 
‘Direct contact is needed.’ 
It wasn’t enough to touch the body
; t
ime was needed. Compared to I
n-gong’s ‘Conquest’, h
is command was ‘Drain’. Maybe, it was even a single process. 
Famine Knight. 
Now that he had time to think about it
,
 Gerard had inherited the power of Famine from the man in black robes who 
had been
 on the slab. 
However,
 weren’t the four people in the picture on one side? Were they hostile to each other? 
Otherwise
, was Conquest rejected by the other three? 
“Below the King’s Flag!” 
In-gong stopped his thoughts and used the power of Conquest. The moment the dwarf dagger hit the ground, a white aura covered Chris and Caitlin. 
There was a change in the movements of Chris, Caitlin and Gerard who 
had been
 like precision machines. 
Chris and Caitlin were disconcerted by the support but soon adapted to their stronger bodies. They started pushing Gerard faster than ever. 
Gerard was at a loss for a moment as he gazed at the two people. He glared at In-gong as his black aura rose vividly. 
‘
Conquest Knight.
’
Gerard didn’t say anything
, b
ut In-gong
heard Gerard’s voice c
learly
. The whirlwind of Chris and Caitlin’s pincer attack erased his voice, but In-gong couldn’t forget it. 
The three people became more violent. 
Gerard, who was stuck between the two people, suddenly laughed and released a power of Famine that was greater than before. 
It was only for a moment, but the shape was clear. The black aura reached Caitlin’s dark blue aura and Chris’ blue aura
, placing
 a brake on the movements of the two people. 
Chris shattered Famine by strengthening his aura
, b
ut Caitlin couldn’t. Her movements were stopped and Gerard didn’t miss this gap. 
The change was rapid and instant. Gerard stood firmly as he took one of Chris’ blows and headed toward Caitlin. Gerard’s left arm shot toward her like a snake. Chris’ eyes widened. Caitlin felt Gerard’s palm touching her abdomen
 a
nd the balance collapsed. 
“Caitlin!” 
Felicia screamed desperately. Caitlin’s slender body flew into the air and Chris’ fist aimed for Gerard again. 
Gerard didn’t face this fist. He pushed strength into his legs and jumped up after Caitlin. His palm struck Caitlin’s abdomen again like a lightning strike! 
Kwang!
Caitlin was pushed vertically towards the ground. There was a deafening roar as red blood burst out. 
Gerard landed on the ground
, t
hen slammed
 his knee d
own 
on Caitlin. 
Caitlin
 coughed up blood again and Chris roared like a beast. 
Gerard glanced at Chris
 and
 used one hand 
to
 throw Caitlin at Chris. 
Chris was relentless. He swallowed his tears and flew forward. Instead of taking Caitlin, he moved toward Gerard. Caitlin rolled on the ground as he exchanged blows with Gerard. 
A loud shock shook the atmosphere. The blue aura and black aura exploded together and parts of the ground, 
which
 couldn’t survive the violence, collapsed. 
Felicia ran forward despite the risk. She grabbed Caitlin and dragged her away. Carack and Seira followed quickly while White Eagle flew behind Felicia to protect her. 
The light went out. Chris was coughing up blood and it was the same for Gerard as well. It was the result of them striking each other’s chest with a devastating strike. 
Chris shouted as he swung a fist. It had a strong momentum, but Gerard didn’t avoid it. Unlike Chris, he still had one trick remaining. 
Beast Form
:
The true power of the lycanthropes. 
Gerard’s upper body swelled up
 and a
 wolf
-
like roar burst from his mouth. 
Chris and Gerard’s blows struck each other
 and t
he exchange turned into a slugfest. 
The ground shook again. The momentum of their fists tore through the atmosphere and the broken pieces of aura destroyed everything they touched. The surrounding terrain started to change due to the
m
. 
It had only been one minute at most
, b
ut at the end of that time, which felt like hundreds of minutes, Chris couldn’t stand up properly. His blue aura was on the verge of being snuffed, like a candle about to go out, and he fell down as both his knees were broken. 
Gerard’s hand grabbed Chris. He was also a mess, but he had more room to move than Chris. 
He looked at Chris. There was a warm smile on his face that was unthinkable in this situation
. Then Gerard
 triggered the power of Famine! 
Gigantic - Piston! 
As everybody stopped, In-gong’s white aura exploded. 
Since the beginning of the battle, In-gong had only been focused on Gerard. Once Chris’ aura went down, Gerard revealed a gap. The moment he was drunk with the joy of victory, In-gong moved. 
The giant fist moved through the surrounding area
 a
nd In-gong sensed It would hit. In-gong aimed for 
Gerard’s
 chest but Gerard caught the blow in his left shoulder and he flew through the air. 
Gerard stared at In-gong
.
 In-gong was also staring at Gerard
, b
ut this wasn’t the end. Gigantic Piston had struck Gerard’s body. It was a unique opportunity given to In-gong. 
Earth Quaker roared
 as h
e had invoked Dragon Blood before using Gigantic Piston. Shortly after their eyes crossed, In-gong poured out a series of attacks toward Gerard. 
Gerard was clearly strong. In relation to martial arts, he was in a place far above In-gong. 
However,
 he was tired. The battle with Chris had damaged him 
and
 Gigantic Piston
 then went on to 
smash the rest of him. 
So, 
In-gong 
now had to see it through to the end. If 
he
 collapsed, the others wouldn’t be able to survive. 
Gerard couldn’t use his left arm
, so
 In-gong aimed for that point. Once the white and black auras clashed, a terrible shockwave covered the whole area. 
The powers of Conquest and Famine also collided. The strength of Conquest was depleted by Famine’s power. 
Delia and the lycanthropes were protecting Chris and Caitlin. Felicia was curing Caitlin with recovery magic while the lycanthrope soldiers once again formed a circle. 
For Gerard, In-gong was a roadblock. If it wasn’t for In-gong, th
is
 situation would have been over the moment Chris had f
a
llen. Even if there were dozens of hundreds of ordinary lycanthrope soldiers, Gerard couldn’t be captured. 
Conquest. Conquest Knight. 
Anger rose
, but i
t wasn’t just Gerard’s personal anger. Famine was furious
 and h
e expressed a strong hatred for Conquest. 
Kwang!
Once again, his aura exploded
, b
ut this was different from before. Gerard’s right hand turned quickly, creating a repulsi
ve
 force that pushed at In-gong like a snake. The moment In-gong re
alized
 it, Gerard’s palm was already touching his chest. 
It was the blow that broke Caitlin. 
Divine Beast Authority Secret Principle
:
 Arang. 
It was a
 wolf-like aura that struck the enemy’s body directly
,
 collaps
ing
 it from the inside. 
Th
is
 attack was a success. Like Caitlin, In-gong opened his mouth and spat out blood.  
However,
 In-gong wasn’t thrown into the air. He stepped back and White Eagle supported In-gong’s back. Rather than flying away, In-gong gritted his teeth and raised his head. 
Gerard stared at In-gong. At that moment, Daphne hurriedly shouted something 
at 
In-gong
,
“Spirit Enlightenment!” 
It was urgent. It didn’t reach him
 completely, but t
here was no time to wait for the spirit’s power to be completely activated. However, Daphne’s magic gave In-gong the strength to take one step. 
In-gong took a step forward. After struggling with his legs. he reached out. 
He had just learnt it
, so
i
t was only level one. 
However,
 it was enough. 
Divine Beast Authority Secret Principle
:
 Arang. 
The white aura ate at Gerard’s body. The moment Arang struck him, Gerard’s eyes widened with amazement and In-gong took a step back. He once again aimed for Gerard’s chest! 
Explosive Power... 
It wasn’t Divine Beast Authority but Divine Sura Authority! 
The white aura slammed into Gerard’s chest. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 80 - Chapter 12: Legend #6
The scary thing about Arang was that it didn’t end with a simple blow but broke the circulation of aura itself. 
Gerard’s Arang, a secret technique of Divine Beast Authority, literally tore open In-gong’s aura. However, it was also the same with In-gong’s Arang. It was clunky compared to Gerard’s, but it was still obviously an Arang. 
In-gong coughed up blood as his white aura exploded. Thick blood flowed along his jaw and there was no sensation in his right hand. Although he could still see, everything in front of him was blurry. 
In-gong didn’t collapse. He twisted his upper body and watched Gerard closely. After being struck by the explosion, Gerard was raising his body with some difficulty. 
Gerard was also a mess. He had released his Beast Form and his left arm seemed to have lost its function. The energy of Famine was also weak. 
However,
 he was still alive. Gerard giggled strangely as he raised his upper body. 
Then 
at that moment, a sharp dagger flew toward In-gong. 
Kakang!
White Eagle blocked the dagger. The white metal spread out and blocked In-gong from Gerard’s view. Blood was streaming into Gerard’s ears, so he didn’t hear anything, but he had a hunch. 
The moment that White Eagle flew back into the air, In-gong rushed toward Gerard. Instead of using aura again, 
In-gong
 shot a fire arrow at
 his
 right leg. Flames rose along the Dragon Scale Greaves
’ scales
. 
Lightning. 
Rather than a flash of whiteness, lightning poured down with the red flames. Gerard moved his body reflexively to avoid the attack, but it was unreasonable. In-gon
g
 struck Gerard’s left shoulder. 
Rather than an 
physical
 hit, it was more like lightning had hit Gerard’s left shoulder. 
That
 shoulder then turned into charcoal and crumbled. 
Gerard flinched backwards. In-gong’s knee was broken
, but he
 rose again and yelled instead of starting another offensive. 
“Carack!” 
“Kuraha!” 
Carack entered the fight that no one had dared to intervene. His huge battle axe slammed into Gerard. Gerard’s chest shattered like his shoulder did and White Eagle struck 
his
 abdomen. Gerard’s body was thrown back a few metres. 
Carack grabbed In-gong’s waist
. Then 
In-gong leaned over Carack and looked at Gerard. However, it wasn’t over yet. 
"Retreat! 
In-gong screamed in a cracked voice as Gerard’s right hand slammed into the ground. He exploded his aura of Famine like it was his last hurrah. 
"Drain!” 
The cry filled the surrounding area
 and t
he power of Famine stretched out around Gerard. 
Carack hugged In-gong and turned around. Green Wind generated a force field that 
shielded
 In-gong while the lycanthrope soldiers hurried to avoid Famine. 
‘Master!’ 
Green wind shrieked. The power of Famine collided with White Eagle and exploded. Th
e
 land that 
had been
 swept by Famine was stained with a grey light and lost its beauty, appearing as a drought-ridden land. 
The grass wa
s 
withered
 and g
iant trees became dry and fell down after not being able to endure their weight anymore. 
There were also victims among the lycanthrope soldiers. Those, who couldn’t escape completely and had a part of their bodies touched by F
amine, 
fell to the ground with a moan. Additionally, 
t
here were those who lost an arm or a leg. 
A
fter the power of Famine disappeared, 
Gerard was gone
. He had obviously used the absorbed power to escape. 
[Your level has risen.] 
[Your level has risen.] 
The clear voice rang in his head. 
This
 was thanks to the battle ending after Gerard had lost his will to fight. 
A pure white light wound around In-gong. All the trauma, which ha
d
 been 
afflicted upon
 In-gong’s body
,
 w
ere
 healed. 
The lycanthrope commanders quickly understood the situation. They stared at Carack holding onto In-gong and shouted
,
“Track him! Don’t let him get away!” 
"Follow! Don’t approach him carelessly and use throwing weapons!” 
Even though they preferred close combat, it didn’t mean the lycanthropes didn’t use any weapons. Moreover, this wasn’t an ordinary village but a military base. The lycanthrope warriors grabbed spears
 hurriedly
 and started to run in the direction that Gerard escaped to. 
In-gong wasn’t able to look at them. He closed his eyes and panted for air. 
The level up effect healed the trauma, but the inside of his body was still a mess. The cause of the problem was that Arang had disrupted the circulation of his aura. It was hard to even breathe properly. 
"Prince, Prince. Breathe
, s
lowly
. T
ake slow and deep breaths.” 
Carack lay In-gong down care
fully
 and started fidgeting. He wanted to do something, but the only thing he could do was wipe the blood from In-gong’s mouth. 
Chris' voice was heard at that moment. 
"This way
. C
ome on, hurry. Lay Caitlin down
,
 next to him.” 
As Chris leaned against one of his men, his voice was broken by a cough. He was in a terrible state, but ironically, he was the best out of the three who had fought directly against Gerard. 
Gerard had r
u
n away
, but t
aking care of In-gong and Caitlin 
who were before 
him was more urgent than chasing after someone who had just stepped out of the Grey Tower. 
As he approached Carack, who was cuddling In-gong, Chris frowned like he was swallowing the pain and said
,
"Moonlight, extract.” 
It was an incomplete order, but it was obvious what he meant. Caitlin’s aide, Seira, quickly got up and ran to one place. Felicia cried out desperately
,
"Don’t overdo it! You are also in a serious condition right now!” 
Felicia, who had been using her recovery magic on Caitlin, reached out to Chris. Chris stared at Felicia’s face, which had become of mess of tears and a runny nose, and laughed. 
“Noonim’s face is also serious.” 
"Chris!" 
"I'm fine. Just
-
 trauma. The problem
-
 Shutra... Caitlin.” 
Seira came running back. She was holding a palm sized object in her hand. 
Chris grabbed Felicia’s hand and said
,
"Now this, most
-
 magic power is strong... Noonim. So, I’ll leave it to Noonim.” 
Felicia had no idea what the Moonlight Extract was
, b
ut based on the circumstances, she could roughly guess what it was. 
Felicia nodded and Chris grimaced again from the pain. He smiled and continued speaking
,
"As soon as the box is open, magic power
,
 Moonlight Extract... wrap it. Wrap in magic power, divide in half... Shutra and Caitlin, feed.” 
"U-understood." 
Chris released Felicia’s hand. Felicia wiped Chris’ blood from her hands and took a deep breath. Tears were still flowing as she accepted the box from Seira. 
As a skilled magician, Felicia was also competent in dealing with herbs. It was obvious that the effect of the Moonlight Extract would be diminished if it was exposed to the air without being wrapped in magic power. It was likely that there was a special magic treatment for it. 
Felicia covered the box with magic power and slowly opened the lid. Inside, there was a white herb that was a little longer than the index finger. 
It seemed to be a root. If In-gong saw it, he would have thought it was wild ginseng. 
Felicia picked up the Moonlight Extract carefully as she swallowed her saliva. She hesitated before splitting the Moonlight Extract into two. 
Then there was a problem. 
"H-how do I feed this to them?” 
The broken pieces of Moonlight Extract were quite hard. An unconscious person wouldn’t be able to chew and swallow it. 
Carack asked with an excited face
,
"Should you feed them with your mouth?” 
He raised his hands to his mouth and 
imitated a 
chewing motion
 of
 an animal taking care of a young cub. 
Chris slowly shook his head at Carack’s question. 
“No, mo-on. Moonlight Extract. Put in the mouth, will melt.” 
Felicia sighed with relief and turned toward Caitlin. Her trauma was recovered thanks to Felicia’s recovery spells, but her insides were a mess. Felicia’s eyes were filled with tears as she stared at Caitlin. 
Chris spoke again
,
"Daph-ne. Druid, I heard. Noonim, help. Absorption...” 
"Understood!" 
For druids who lived in nature, knowing herbal medicine was a basic. Daphne’s task with to use the power of the spirits to help the herb be absorbed. 
"Star-t.” 
Felicia nodded and pushed the piece of Moonlight Extract into Caitlin’s mouth. As Chris said, the Moonlight Extract started to melt immediately. In an instant, it became a white liquid and was sucked into Caitlin’s throat. 
Daphne closed her eyes and started to chant the names of the spirits. Then, miraculously, a white light started to emerge from Caitlin’s whole body. 
“M-moonlight is coming from her body!” 
Carack shouted with surprise. At that moment, Green Wind appeared next to Carack. She spoke sharply with a hard face that was different than normal
,
"The power holding the moonlight is melting. Hurry and give Master the Moonlight Extract. I will help Master absorb it.” 
The lycanthropes were shocked by Green Wind’s sudden appearance, but Felicia, who knew about Green Wind’s existence, was different. She hurriedly pushed the piece of Moonlight Extract into In-gong’s mouth. 
The beginning was exactly like it had happened with Caitlin
, b
ut it changed once Green Wind touched it. 
White light came out from In-gong’s entire body. It wasn’t a gentle glow like Caitlin’s. The light was enough to fill their field of view as In-gong’s body slightly floated up. 
Carack glanced at Green Wind urgently, but she didn’t have an answer. Her startled expression proved that this situation was unexpected. 
“Ah, really! Why can’t one thing be easy?” 
Carack exclaimed. Felicia asked Chris hurriedly, 
“What is happening? Is something wrong?” 
Felicia was on the verge
-
 no, she was already crying. Instead of answering straight away, Chris stared at In-gong. If the light from Caitlin’s body was like the stars, In-gong’s could be compared to the full moon. 
In-gong’s body floated a little higher. Caitlin’s body also rose like she was affected by In-gong. Green Wind and Daphne both reached out to the two people as they closed their eyes tightly and desperately called upon the power of the spirits. 
The Moonlight Extract was a flower that bloomed once in 100 years. In fact, this was the first time Chris had seen the process of someone eating the Moonlight Extract. 
Caitlin’s reaction was similar to 
what had been written 
in the general records
, b
ut it wasn’t the same for In-gong. Moreover, Caitlin’s reaction 
was
 changed now. 
Like Felicia said, w
as there something wrong? 
"Maybe, but on the contrary...” 
"On the contrary?" 
Chris swallowed his saliva. He looked at the white light that couldn’t be distinguished anymore and said
,
"The legend of the Moonlight Extract, maybe this is it.” 
An unusual record. 
The true legend of the Moonlight Extract that only remained in the records of the lycanthrope royal family. 
Chris laughed bitterly. Carack’s words were true. 
"Everywhere he goes, uncommon things happen.” 
Felicia looked back at In-gong. The warm light, that didn’t hurt the eyes, pushed against the darkness. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 81 - Chapter 12: Legend #7
The founder of the lycanthrope royal family was the one who first discovered the Moonlight Extract. 
Originally called the wolf king, he gathered the scattered lycanthropes and set up a kingdom. 
Just like the fierce jungle of the Demon World, the wolf king faced numerous challenges. 
Many foreign enemies invaded them
 and within
 the lycanthropes, many challenged the wolf king for the throne. 
The wolf king responded to all these challenges. He broke the heads of those aiming for the thrones and crushed the outsiders threatening the lycanthropes. 
Then one day, he faced the biggest challenge of his life. The red dragon, Castian, invaded the lyc
anthropes’ 
territory. 
The wolf king succeeded in defeating the ferocious red dragon at the end of a desperate struggle that lasted seven days and seven nights. 
However, the wolf king wasn’t unharmed. His heart was destroyed and he was on the verge of death when he discovered a light splitting the night sky. At some point, the king stopped and saw a white flower blooming in front of him. 
The wolf king didn’t think much of the discovery
 as he
 hadn’t found the Moonlight Extract
;
 it had selected him. 
The wolf king took the Moonlight Extract. It dissolved into his chest and became the new heart of the wolf king. 
The wolf king, who had obtained the heart of the moon, continued his new life. He gave himself the surname, Moonlight, after it saved his life. 
The wolf king’s blood became the royal family of the lycanthropes
, b
ut afterwards, unlike the wolf king, no one was able to obtain a new heart from the Moonlight Extract. 
This was the legend of the Moonlight Extract. 
The true efficacy of the Moonlight Extract 
had
 only been enjoyed by the original wolf king, who 
had been
 considered the strongest lycanthrope ever. 
The royal family of the lycanthropes had considered it as a legend. Until now, 
t
he Moonlight Extract had just been a mysterious herb with significant healing powers. They had thought the wolf king had exaggerated the story after 
he had taken
 the Moonlight Extract and it had healed his wounds. 
However,
 that wasn’t the case. 
The legend of the Moonlight Extract 
had never been
 exaggerated. 
[Protagonist Correction has enhanced the performance.] 
[Protagonist Body is 
responding
 to the power of the Moonlight Extract.] 
The essence of moonlight melted into In-gong
 and his
 Protagonist Body accepted the power entirely. 
The circulation of his aura, which was dull and broken, stopped moving. It stopped in one place and the calmness of the moonlight
’s
 power settled into it. 
Conquest. 
If the power of Famine was to drain everything, Conquest was to dominate. 
The starting point in the circulation of aura was all the same
,
 like the heart that delivered blood to the whole body. 
In-gong’s aura heart already existed. Now, the Moonlight Extract settled next to th
at
 heart. The Moonlight Extract joined with his aura to create a new heart. 
Two hearts
, t
wo starting points
...
T
his was
 true efficacy of the Moonlight Extract that no one had seen since the original wolf king. 
The circulation of his aura began again
 and it
 sprang from two starting points.
This was accepted by Divine Sura Authority. Divine Sura Authority, 
which
 was made up of Divine Beast Authority and Sura Heart Law, now started at two points. 
The light gushing out from In-gong’s body started to subside. Chris, who 
was
 focusing on the flow of aura, couldn’t hide his wonder. He form
ed
 fists as he imagined the effect of aura that originated from two starting points. 
Moreover, this change didn’t only happen to In-gong. 
Caitlin had also accepted the power of the Moonlight Extract. It was clear that In-gong’s change had an effect on Caitlin. 
Compared to In-gong, i
t was weaker. It was like the power of moonlight had gathered in In-gong’s body while the power of starlight had gathered in Caitlin’s body. 
Caitlin’s aura responded to In-gong’s aura. Just like the stars in the night sky shone in the moonlight, Caitlin’s aura started to follow In-gong’s aura. 
Instead of moonlight, a pure white aura surrounded In-gong. Caitlin’s dark blue aura twined with the white and the two different coloured aura wrapped around the two people. 
Green Wind raised a hand and stepped back. It was the same for Daphne. Green Wind and Daphne had done all they could do. Now, they could only watch the miracle of the Moonlight Extract. 
In-gong and Caitlin, who were floating in the air, started to descend slowly. The two auras around them turned into a soft glow and disappeared. 
The hearts of new auras lay in the bodies of the two people. 
Chris couldn’t say anything
 while
 Felicia just sighed with relief. She touched the calm faces of In-gong and Caitlin gently. 
& 
In-gong opened his eyes to darkness. 
Before
 him stood the golden-crowned, white woman. 
She was close but far away. In-gong stood face to face with her but couldn’t communicate. This wasn
’t referring to 
the manifestation of her voice that was heard in every crisis, but that she couldn
’t have 
a proper conversation. 
Famine Knight. 
Gerard Moonlight
, h
e held the power of Famine in his hands. 
However, t
he power of Famine he had wasn’t strong yet. The original source of Famine was stronger still. 
In-gong could tell because he had faced the power directly. Gerard was still an incomplete knight
 a
nd it was the same for In-gong as well. 
Conquest and Famine. 
The source of power that the man with a spear had given off was Death. The man with the spear wasn’t the Death Knight
, b
ut it was obvious that the Death Knight 
had given the
 power to him. 
The only one left was War. 
In Knight Saga, Gerard hadn’t been a Famine Knight. 
Conquest, War, Death and Famine were all forces that hadn
’t existed
 in Knight Saga. 
What were the four of them? 
Why were there four knights to inherit their strengths? What was the purpose of the knights? Why was the Death Knight aiming at Zephyr? 
It was almost certain that the Death Knight was an external force
 as h
e was hostile to the Demon King’s Palace. 
The Famine Knight, Gerard, was hostile to the lycanthropes. 
A
dditionally, he didn’t stop there. Famine itself had an enormous hostility toward Conquest. 
Were Death and Famine on one side? 
Why did Famine express hostility toward Conquest? It wasn’t just because of In-gong’s confrontation with Gerard. The enmity of Famine was rooted in something much deeper. 
The white woman
...
S
adness flashed in the red and blue eyes of Conquest. She reached out her hand slowly and
stroked the air like she was touching In-gong’s cheek
despite not being able to reach him
. Then she
 opened her mouth slowly
,
"Conquest Knight, my one and only hope.” 
The white woman’s voice was cut off like she had lost all strength after a few words. She gave another sad smile before melting into the darkness. 
In-gong closed his eyes. Like the white woman, he melted into the darkness. 
& 
Gerard dragged himself across the ground. He had cut off his left arm that couldn’t be used anymore,
 but h
e couldn’t suppress the pain. 
His remaining arm was touching the ground. He pushed against it and his heavy legs moved a little bit. 
"Find him! He is around here!” 
“I smell blood!” 
The voices of the lycanthropes weren’t far away. Gerard gritted his teeth and concentrated all his power 
i
n his right hand. His aura circulation was a mess, so it took a lot of work to collect the power. 
Gerard sat on the ground and panted. The soil was wet and cold but that helped relieve the pain. 
Gerard counted down. He closed his eyes and focused on his hearing while gathering strength in his right arm. 
Kwang!
The explosive power of Divine Beast Authority burst through his right arm. Gerard leapt up and hit the lycanthrope soldier who came close to him. The soldier swung his arm
 reflexively
 at Gerard, but it just passed through air. Gerard grabbed one of the soldier’s arms, threw him down and grabbed his neck with one hand. 
The neck of the beast form lycanthrope was too large that it was hard to squeeze. However, Gerard used brute force and struck the soldier’s neck with the palm of his hand. There was a terrible sound as the wolf lycanthrope soldier’s neck 
broke
.
“Kukek!” 
The lycanthrope solider lost his breath and tried to reach out
, but Ge
rard placed more force on the soldier’s neck. 
“Pant... 
P
ant...” 
The lycanthrope soldier collapsed and Gerard triggered the power of Famine. He gained a certain amount of strength back, but it was still lacking
,
 like collecting water in a bucket with a hole. 
"There!" 
"Throw the spears!” 
There was no room for his body to avoid 
them
. The spears pierced Gerard and the dead lycanthrope soldier at the same time. 
It was hot. Despite being on the verge of death, the pain was vivid. 
"Throw!" 
Spears flew one after another
 and
 pierced his shoulders, waist, thighs and all over
his body. Even for the lycanthropes with their huge vitality, this level of injury would cause death. 
The lycanthrope soldiers didn’t approach Gerard once. It would take more time to kill Gerard, but they were being careful. 
Gerard laughed. 
D
espite his lips cramping from the pain and injury
, it was definitely a laugh.
He had spen
t
 20 years in the deepest part of the Grey Tower. It 
had been
 a horrible time spen
t
 in the darkness where not even the moonlight could reach. 
He would die without being able to resolve the resentment and animosity that had built up. 
Elaine Moonlight. 
His sister
, s
he 
had taken
 away everything of his
; s
he was 
a
 hateful enemy. 
Chris and Caitlin
, h
er children. 
And the Conquest Knight. 
The reason for all of this. 
The person
 who
 had
 blocked him on the verge of victory! 
Gerard was no longer looking forward
 and on
ly darkness could be seen in his eyes. 
However, Gerard saw a man in the darkness. 
He wore robes that were darker than black as he stared down at Gerard. 
‘Now, will you accept?’ 
Famine. 
He differed from War or Death. The comparison with Conquest itself was ridiculous. 
He was always hungry
 and his 
desires were never satisfied. He didn’t just want to choose a knight like the other three. 
What he wanted was 
the incarnation of Famine
, t
he existence of Famine itself. 
Gerard laughed at him. He finally released the last strings o
n
 his pride
 and 
allowed Famine into his soul. 
He wasn’t Gerard in the pure sense anymore. 
The only thing remaining was Famine mixed in with a black desire that would never be fulfilled. 
The power of Famine swallowed Gerard’s heart
 and h
is soul was conquered. 
The Famine Knight, formerly called Gerard, smiled. Famine found it ridiculous that he had used the term ‘conquest’. 
"Drain.” 
The whisper was a beginning and an end. The lycanthrope soldiers, who were aiming spears at Gerard, were now in the realm of Famine without be
ing
 aware of it. 
If he had to name it, it was a garden of draining. All things within the range were drained by Famine. 
The legs of the lycanthrope soldiers surrounding Gerard hardened. They couldn’t even scream as the cracked land covered them. 
The Famine Knight drained everything in his realm and raised his body slowly. Some of the broken bodies collapsed, but he didn’t care. His gaze was looking at a time long ago. 
Everything had become warped since the day Ainkel was murdered 1,000 years ago. 
Now, it was time to restart. This time there had to be a different ending. 
The Famine Knight gazed at the moonlight
, t
hen he melted into the darkness. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 82 - Chapter 13: The Right to Rule
When waking up from a deep sleep, In-gone usually had to face the ceiling or wall. However, when his eyes opened this time, the first thing he saw was long green hair that tickled his face and a beautiful face.
Green eyes blinked as In-gong stared at them sleepily. He almost screamed, but the other person was faster.
‘Master!’
Green Wind laughed and embraced In-gong. Instead of hugging Green Wind, In-gong moved his eyes. Beyond Green Wind’s hair, he saw an expensive looking ceiling.
‘And...’
In-gong tried to breathe and think while Green Wind covered his body.  He lifted his free left hand and patted Green Wind’s back as he was about to speak.
‘Wait.’
There was something strange. Only his left hand was free. In-gong had no problems staring at his right side because Green Wind was hugging his left. He turned his head to the right and raised his upper body.
"Master, are you okay now? Have strength.”
Green Wind was in an actualized state, so she had weight. There were some questions about the conservation of mass, but In-gong had other worries at the moment. Instead of digging deeper, he glanced at Caitlin who was holding onto In-gong’s right hand.
Expensive-looking ceiling and room... and a huge bed.
In-gong was dressed in clothes that were easy to peel off and so was Caitlin who was lying beside him.
After carefully untangling his hands from Caitlin’s, In-gong looked back at Green Wind sitting on his thigh.
"Explain.”
Green Wind quickly nodded at his request.
"This is the lycanthropes’ palace. Master has been bedridden for four days.”
“Four days?”
“Four days. I have been looking after you for four days. Staring blankly is one of my specialities.”
Green Wind said with a laugh. In-gong now knew why Green Wind was staring at him. It was because Green Wind had been lonely.
In-gong hugged Green Wind very tightly. Green Wind made a sound but was faithful to her usual instincts when being praised.
"Umm, I don’t know why but I feel good. Continue.”
In-gong smiled at Green Wind and pushed her out of his arms slightly. He patted her head and said,
"Please continue explaining to me.”
"I understand. As I said, this is the lycanthrope palace. The reason why Master and Caitlin are lying on one bed is to increase the healing effect of both of you.”
"Healing effect?"
It was surprised by the unexpected story. Green Wind pulled back and looked In-gong up and down.
"How much does Master remember?”
“Uh... Gerard ran away?”
In-gong closed his eyes and searched through his memories. He remembered that Gerard had lost his shoulder to Lightning.
'Carack caught me and Green Wind protected me.’
Then his memories became confusing. He seemed to recall Felicia’s crying face, but he couldn’t remember it properly.
Green Wind said,
"Felicia gave Moonlight Extract to Master and Caitlin. As Chris ordered, she split it into two and something unexpected happened to Master and Caitlin’s body due to the Moonlight Extract.”
In-gong quickly activated the status window and skills window. Not long after, he was able to capture the changes in the skills window.
[Protagonist Body]
[Special Passive Skill: Moonlight Core]
'Second... aura heart?’
He closed his eyes. He realized that he could feel a moonlight core deep in his chest. His flow of aura was now different from before.
In Knight Saga, the Moonlight Extract was a miraculous herb that could revive someone if they had a single breath left. That alone was awesome, but there was another effect?
In-gong focused his attention on the flow of aura for a while. Although there were two starting points, his aura didn’t seem that different. Both flows became one during the cycle. It seemed to create a much faster and stronger flow than before.
‘Dual cores?’
Was it like a two engine jet fighter?
That wasn’t the only mysterious point. The nature of his aura had changed somewhat. To be precise, a new strength had been added to his aura.
It wasn’t unfamiliar. In fact, it was a familiar aura.
In-gong turned to Caitlin while Green Wind opened her mouth again,
"After eating the Moonlight Extract, Master and Caitlin were caught in a big light and exchanged life force. Just like Master and I, Master and Caitlin are also connected. Of course, it isn’t quite like me.”
In-gong nodded inadvertently. He definitely felt Caitlin in his aura and In-gong felt himself in Caitlin.
"Chris said that the closer the two of you were, the more vitality would be activated. If you hold her hand again, you will know.”
There was no reason not to, so In-gong grabbed Caitlin’s hand and he could see what Green Wind had said was true.
“Ohh.”
He noticed it the moment he touched her hand. It wasn’t just a simple feeling but a reaction. The flow of aura from the Moonlight Core became stronger like it had been influenced.
Chris seemed to know this which was why he had laid In-gong and Caitlin on the same bed.
“The others? Was anybody else injured?”
He gently lay down his hand, which was holding Caitlin's, to make it more comfortable. Green Wind shook her head.
“No. Master and Caitlin were the most badly injured. Chris is already up and limping around. Felicia cried a lot, but she wasn’t hurt.”
"I'm glad."
He didn’t need to ask about Carack, Daphne, Karma and Delia.
Conquest Knight.
Famine Knight.
In-gong was reminded of Conquest, the white woman. She had said that In-gong was her only hope.
Had she been the one who brought In-gong to this world? Why had she picked In-gong? What was she looking for?
Of course, he didn’t feel that resentful. If the white woman had really called him to this world, there would be many reasons. So, he didn’t mind that much.
However, he put that on hold. He couldn’t talk properly with the white woman, so it was useless to worry about it now.
'In a sense, it is also cool.’
There was a reason.
One day, he had opened his eyes in a game or game-like world. There had been a reason for In-gong to enter the world of Knight Saga.
Yet, he didn’t know that reason yet. However, that didn’t change the thought in his head that it was slightly cool.
‘And...’
In-gong turned his gaze back to Caitlin. Although her complexion was a little pale, her face was very calm. The flow of aura he could feel through his hands was very smooth.
Things were changing after In-gong came into his world.
In-gong was going to stop the Day of Massacre. Of course, the biggest reason was In-gong’s survival but that wasn’t all.
After getting to know Chris and Caitlin, he wanted to prevent the lycanthrope subjugation. However, by blocking the Day of Massacre, he would also save Felicia and Daphne.
It was a story separate from the white woman, Conquest, War, Death and Famine. This was this and that was that.
In-gong didn’t intend to allow the tragedy from Knight Saga to replay in the Demon World.
‘The conclusion is the same.’
It was like his thoughts when he had first woken up in the world.
It was no different from the sword duke’s and Chris’ words.
He needed to be strong.
He would become strong enough to get rid of all the dangers that came. Then he would be able to solve all problems.
It might be an ignorant and simple idea, but it was true. It was just like the fight against Gerard. He was able to repel Gerard because he had raised his abilities steadily. If In-gong’s power had been lacking even a little bit, a completely different result would have been created. Not only In-gong but Chris, Caitlin, Carack and all the others would have lost their lives.
In-gong put some strength into his right hand that was holding Caitlin and he smiled mischievously.
‘Protagonist.’
Like a protagonist, he would become stronger. He would break the planned tragedy and make a happy ending.
“Master, what are you thinking? That expression is sneaky.”
Green Wind asked with narrowed eyes. Just as a wishful thought passed through her head, someone came and visited.
“Oh, you’re awake?”
“Chris hyung.”
It was Chris who had showed up. He was wearing leather as always and Green Wind quickly disappeared.
Chris chuckled.
"She is really shy.”
‘It’s not like that.’
Green Wind pleaded in a small voice, but In-gong spoke to Chris instead. He moved into a sitting posture and glanced at Chris.
“Is Hyung okay?”
"Of course. Are you really fine?”
Chris asked, sitting down on the chair next to the bed. Chris made the huge chair look cramped.
“Somewhat. I heard the story of the Moonlight Essence from Green Wind. Thank you.”
It was a herb that could only be obtained once in 100 years.
After In-gong’s words, Chris jumped up from his chair and ruffled In-gong’s head with a laugh.
“I wanted to thank you. I am alive because of you. And I also got to see the legend of the Moonlight Extract.”
Chris’ gaze shifted from In-gong to Caitlin. It was obvious he was referring to the Moonlight Core.
Chris leaned back in the chair and fixed his expression.
“It is unknown if Gerard is currently dead or alive.”
"Unknown?"
The expression was somewhat ambiguous. Did he not simply escape?
Chris pressed a hand against his temple and responded,
"The tracking troops found parts of Gerard’s lower and upper body. Like charcoal breaking down... It was like that.”
In-gong recalled the last Lightning that had struck Gerard. At that time, his left shoulder had been shattered.
"He should be dead because his body below the waist was cut off, but... I can never be sure. I will continue the search until I am convinced that he is dead.”
In-gong also agreed. He didn’t think that Gerard was dead.
As In-gong’s expression became serious, Chris laughed.
"Don't worry so much. He might have survived with no lower body, but what about the upper body? His left arm was entirely shattered. He will be in the worst condition. I’ve also prepared a way to deal with his strange technique.”
He wasn’t simply reassuring In-gong as his eyes were bloody. He seemed to have prepared something.
Chris changed the topic.
"Can I ask about the effects of the Moonlight Extract? Master Bruce said that you have the Moonlight Core and Caitlin has the Starlight Core.”
"I don’t know yet. It seems amazing though.”
It had literally become a dual core. Perhaps the synergistic effects would be beyond imagination. The synergy wouldn’t be 1+1=2 but maybe three or four.
‘And...’
In-gong stared at Caitlin. There were a few times when he had wanted to experiment on with Caitlin. Hopefully, new training methods would be born.
"Hmm, okay. i am anticipating it.”
Chris finished his story and stood up with a grin. He moved his gaze to a higher point as he hesitated for a moment.
"It seems to be that time.”
“Time?”
What did that mean?
Chris stared straight at In-gong.
“Shutra, you will now meet someone. My advice, don’t ever panic. Stay calm and you will amaze her.”
“Chris hyung?”
“Come.”
Chris stepped back and someone else entered for a visit. A sharp man wearing a military uniform opened the door. Instead of entering the room, he waited in the front of the door and a woman entered.
In-gong knew straight away who she was.
'The 4th Queen! Elaine Moonlight!’
Queen of the lycanthropes, Chris and Caitlin's mother!
Wearing a blue dress, she could literally be a version of Caitlin in her twenties. She looked exactly like Caitlin except that her hair was black like ebony and her body was very alluring.
Her face looked to be only in the mid-20s, so if she stood next to Caitlin, they would seem more like siblings than mother and daughter.
As she walked over to the bed, she looked down at In-gong with Chris’ blue eyes and In-gong realized why Caitlin had a cold look despite her pure nature. Elaine’s expression was freezing cold itself.
“The 9th Prince, Shutra Agnus.”
“Yes.”
Elaine spoke and In-gong replied. Then she laughed like Chris and suddenly embraced In-gong.
“Thank you, it is because of you that Chris and Caitlin survived. If it hadn’t been for you, it would have been a really big deal.”
She didn’t hold onto In-gong but tapped his back a few times before releasing him. She touched his cheek like he was her child and said,
"I’ve heard a lot about you from Chris and Caitlin. There are many impressive stories. It has been a long time since Caitlin has praised someone so much.”
Her expression was cold but her tone was sweet. In-gong felt just as confused as the first time he met Caitlin.
Elaine in Knight Saga had literally been the enemy. She had been hostile to Zephyr and in the lycanthrope subjugation, she had been a blood-crazed beast that showed why she was the queen of the lycanthropes.
However, the Elaine in front of him was friendly.
“Thank you.”
In-gong answered calmly. Elaine laughed like his gratitude was funny and went to stand next to Chris. She gazed at Caitlin who was sleeping while holding In-gong’s hand and then turned to In-gong again.
"Okay, this is enough for a greeting, so I’ll say it bluntly.”
In-gong gazed at Chris with questioning eyes and he just gazed back. Elaine, sitting between the two of them, looked straight at In-gong.
"9th Prince Shutra Ignus, do you have any thoughts about becoming the demon king?”
This was the question from the queen of the lycanthropes.
In-gong’s eyes widened as Elaine approached him. Instead of asking again, she waited for In-gong’s answer.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 83 - Chapter 13: The Right to Rule #2
Demon king.
The first in the world. 
The ruler of the Demon World and the strongest person in the Demon World.
In-gong stared at Elaine with confused eyes and a faint smile appeared on Elaine’s face.
"I guess you haven’t thought about it before.”
It was like that. It was the right answer.
It was Zephyr who had become the demon king in Knight Saga.
He wanted to confront Zephyr in order to prevent the Day of Massacre, but he had never thought of becoming the demon king. It was because Shutra’s position was too low.
Elaine sat down beside In-gong and stared at him with a mixed expression. Then she said with a laugh,
"Well, it is understandable when considering your position so far.”
9th Prince Shutra Ignus was known as the Scraps Prince.
He was a poor boy who had lost his mother, his biggest supporter, at a young age;
A poor prince who didn’t receive any outside support.
"Now, your position has changed, so you should think about it.”
Elaine spoke to In-gong in an alluring voice. Then In-gong realized a new fact,
'They don’t look alike.’
She had almost the same face as Caitlin, but she was different. Elaine was a completely different type of person.
"I don’t need to hear an answer right now. Once again, just think about it. I’ll hear your answer later.”
Elaine moved forward like a feline beast. She approached Caitlin, who was sleeping serenely, and touched her cheek.
“Sleep well, my baby.”
Elaine bowed and kissed Caitlin’s forehead. She lifted her head slowly and lingered her gaze on In-gong again.
She was cold and warm; there was some uncertainty buried her casualness.
Elaine turned toward the door before saying one last thing to In-gong,
"Take it easy. I’ll see you again soon.”
“Thank you.”
In-gong’s reply was somewhat misleading, but Elaine laughed heartily. She left as abruptly as she had appeared.
The man by the door closed it. A few seconds passed before Chris laughed.
Then he said,
"My advice?”
In-gong turned to Chris and realized that a person could be incredibly hateful. He snapped at Chris who was smiling mischievously.
“Why didn’t you tell me that the 4th Queen was coming?”
"Then that would be no fun.”
As expected, he received a hateful reply in return. Chris laughed like a villain and said again,
"Anyhow, you should really think about it. About becoming the demon king, that is.”
He spoke lightly, but the expression in his eyes was serious. No, from the start, this had been a subject that couldn’t be dealt with lightly.
Today had been the first time In-gong had encountered 4th Queen Elaine Moonlight. Regardless, it wasn’t normal to ask someone if they wanted to become a demon king.
There were three possible reasons behind this.
Elaine was really casual, she was genuine or someone had evaluated In-gong for her.
In-gong thought it was the third reason. If it was the third reason, there was only one person it could be.
Chris Moonlight, the 4th Queen's eldest son and the one she trusted most in the world... The one who would be king of the lycanthropes and who was already walking on that path.
Elaine's question was soon asked by Chris who wondered if In-gong intended to become the demon king.
Chris liked jokes, but he would never make light of this. He wasn’t the type of person who would ask In-gong this question casually.
Chris was hoping that In-gong would become the demon king.
In-gong took a step back in his mind and looked at this incident from far away.
In a common monarchy, it was treason for someone who wasn’t the Crown Prince to think of becoming the king. 
Just saying that they wanted to become king would ignite a dangerous blaze.
However, the Demon World was different.
Since the beginning, there had never been such a thing as a fixed Crown Prince. The strongest royal child would become the demon king. There was no discrimination between man and woman or against age.
Therefore, it was natural for the children of the demon king to be encouraged.
However, this was somewhat distant from reality.
To become a demon king, they had to be the strongest and many things were required in order to become the strongest. 
Out of the royal children, there were only three who sincerely sought out to become the demon king:
1st Prince Baikal Ragnaros;
2nd Prince Zephyr Ragnaros;
And 4th Princess Anastasia Nekrion.
In Knight Saga, Chris hadn’t been greedy about becoming the demon king. He was hostile and vigilant toward Zephyr, but he didn’t engage actively in any faction rivalry.
Yet he was now asking about the demon king position.
In-gong breathed in deeply as he thought about it. He narrowed down his thoughts and asked Chris instead of replying to him,
"Why me?"
In-gong could guess to some extent, but he wanted to hear it from Chris.
Instead of answering right away, Chris straightened his posture. He was buried deep in the chair, but his size was so big that the chair seemed like it would burst.
Chris got into a comfortable position and smiled.
"Perhaps I am being too premature... and it 
is
 somewhat awkward to talk about.”
Every person had a different way of talking. According to the situation and the person he was talking to, Chris’ tone would change.
He gave a long sigh. Instead of his normal mischievous expression, his face was calm like when he had been discussing the withdrawal from the Red Lightning tribe.
"I can’t become the demon king but Shutra can.”
Chris' words didn’t end there. He raised his hand and concentrated aura on his fist. The blue aura seemed very cold.
"I am strong, a so-called genius.”
It was obvious that he was speaking seriously.
Chris was a genius. At the age of 17, he had a strength comparable to that of the senior generals of the Demon King’s Palace. His growth rate was indeed terrifying.
"However, it isn’t overwhelming. At best, it is only a similar level to Silvan. I can’t come close to 1st Prince Baikal in 10 years time. Not to mention the distance with 2nd Prince who can be described as a monster.”
The 5th Prince Silvan Doomblade, Felicia’s twin brother and prince of the dark elves, he was a genius comparable to Chris.
So was 1st Prince Baikal, who was good at both the sword and magic. Baikal was in the mid-twenties and it was said that he was comparable to the five captains.
Chris didn’t mention it but 4th Princess Anastasia was also a genius in her area. If Felicia was a capable magician, Anastasia was a monster when it came to magic. There was a good reason why she led one of the three factions instead of her brother, 3rd Prince Victor.
Then there was 2nd Prince Zephyr Ragnaros.
In Knight Saga, Zephyr had been powerful. Moreover, he had been the protagonist and had become strong at a tremendous speed.
However, the current Zephyr seemed stronger than the Zephyr of Knight Saga. Once he gathered all the stories he had heard indirectly, he was forced to come to such a conclusion.
"The forces of the lycanthropes don’t match with the draconians. The chances are slim that I will become the demon king when I am already falling behind in individual ability. It is better to stay still than to get involved in a struggle between factions.”
That wasn’t all; the lycanthropes had a political weakness. 
The existence of Caitlin Moonlight and the secret of her birth...
She was the reason why the lycanthropes didn’t get involved in the politics of the Demon King’s castle. Chris and Caitlin had proven they weren’t interested in the throne by living at the palace of the lycanthropes instead of the Demon King’s Palace.
Perhaps it was for Caitlin to some extent. Just like Shutra in the past, interest would be diminished once the person was out of sight.
"However, Shutra is different. You can catch up with 1st Prince and 2nd Prince.”
Chris’ blue eyes shone with eagerness. He sincerely believed that In-gong could surpass Baikal and Zephyr.
Only a few months after learning Aura, he had reached a level comparable to Caitlin. He had combined Divine Beast Authority and Sura Heart Law to create Divine Sura Authority and brought out the true efficacy of the Moonlight Extract.
Calling him a genius was lacking. He was a monster comparable to Zephyr, even the sword duke had expressed it.
"You can also get support from those other than the lycanthropes, unlike me.”
The sword duke was already supporting him. There wasn’t an official station, but the fact that the sword duke had taught him personally wasn’t small.
“The dark elves are currently neutral. It was likely that they would have leaned towards the 4th Princess as time passed by, but you appeared. You captured Felicia’s heart completely in just a few months.”
Silvan and Felicia were like Chris and Caitlin. The moment he got Felicia’s heart, he also got Silvan’s.
In-gong was somewhat uncomfortable with the statement that he had gained Felicia’s heart, but he couldn’t deny it. It was unimaginable that Felicia would side with any of the other royal children over In-gong.
“The sponsorship of the sword duke. If you keep stacking up merits, you can pardon the gandharva who are now confined. Although they are in a state of collapse, they were a species that had once been able to build up a queen. Their power can’t be ignored.”
In-gong felt like he had been slapped in the back of the head.
Confined? Pardon?
Was that why he hadn’t even seen one gandharva? 
What sin had been committed that the whole species had been confined?
This story seemed correct. It was the reason why there weren’t any gandharva caring for Shutra.
If so, what had they done? When looking at the discussion of amnesty through merits, what type of crime could it be that, despite the crime, Shutra and the 5th Queen still maintained their status?
He had plenty of doubts. He needed to find out about the gandharva.
Chris sighed and took a sip of water from the glass on the table as though his throat was burning.
"I don’t like 1st Prince, 2nd Prince and 4th Princess. But Shutra is different. I think the future where you become demon king is best for the lycanthrope species.”
It wasn’t simply because they were friends.
There was already a trusting and supportive relationship between In-gong and the lycanthropes after learning Divine Beast Authority.
In-gong also had none of his mother’s family to rely on, so allying with the lycanthropes was beneficial to him.
Chris suddenly grinned. His face reverted to his usual friendly expression as he spoke,
"Well, you don’t have to do anything right now. Just think about it. There is a big difference between thinking of it yourself and having someone suggest it to you.”
Chris winked slightly and got up from his seat. Like Elaine, he approached Caitlin. He touched Caitlin, who was sleeping serenely, on the cheek and kissed her forehead.
"Think about Mother’s words.”
Chris said as he looked up and In-gong was reminded of Elaine.
They had the same eyes. Moreover, why was he looking this way after kissing Caitlin? There were many guesses and assumptions.
"Just a little bit longer. If you are hungry or if Caitlin wakes up, pull the line on this wall.”
Chris instructed in a friendly tone before stepping out of the room. In-gong laughed for some unknown reason.
'Becoming the demon king.’
Chris’ words were all true.
At first, In-gong had also been similar to Chris. In-gong hadn’t thought that he would become the demon king.
However, things had changed. In some ways, it could have been decided from the beginning.
Zephyr was the strongest royal child. It was natural that someone stronger than Zephyr would become the demon king.
‘It is like a mother having a friend’s son who was the best, but she wants her son to become first in the nation.'
In-gong laughed at the analogy he came up with and nodded slowly.
His thoughts were simple. The advice was precious, but he had already come to a conclusion.
‘Become strong.’ Everything would be resolved if he became strong enough to be the demon king.
He would be able to stop the destruction of the lycanthropes and the Day of Massacre. It would also be possible to go against Famine, War and Death.
'Anyway, the goal of Knight Saga is to become the demon king.’
After summarizing his thoughts, In-gong gazed at the warmth of his right hand and Caitlin who was sleeping peacefully.
He couldn’t express it, but he wanted to keep this.
In-gong was gazing at Caitlin with warm eyes when he heard Green Wind’s voice in his ears.
"Master, you look sneaky.”
The actualized form of Green Wind was now sitting on In-gong’s thighs. In-gong narrowed his eyes at her.
"Do my eyes always look sneaky to you?”
Green Wind nodded with a bright face. He didn’t know how to respond.
'Maybe it is retaliation for calling her Greenie.’
Without knowing why, In-gong suddenly wanted to see Carack.
&
"Your eyes are burning with ambition.”
“Carack, you as well.”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 84 - Chapter 13: The Right to Rule #3
 "Your eyes are burning with ambition.”
“Carack, you as well...”
In-gong grabbed his chest with a pained sound.
"Why are you pretending? Where is the pain?”
"I don’t know if you are really good or bad.”
Why was he so perceptive yet insensitive about things?
‘He is the real protagonist.’
As always, In-gong couldn’t help having this thought. Carack returned to looking after In-gong.
"Anyway, isn’t your body better?”
There was a deep worry buried in his rough tone. In-gong knocked on his chest.
“I’m fine. Rather, I feel much better.”
His words were genuine. Aura was the power of life, so strengthening his aura made his life force itself stronger.
"It is strange. If I had been asleep for four days, I should be starving.”
“Ah, that reminds me. Why aren’t I hungry?”
In-gong rubbed his belly reflexively. He only felt hard abs. Since the start, he hadn’t been hungry.
Four days was a long time. When counting three meals a day, he had missed 12 meals, yet he wasn’t starving.
Green Wind relieved In-gong and Carack’s doubts.
"It is the effect of the Moonlight Extract. During your sleep over the last few days, you have been accepting the healing benefits of the Moonlight Extract.”
As always, Green Wind appeared on In-gong’s thighs. Now that Carack had become familiar with Green Wind, he asked In-gong with disbelief,
"Um, then you will keep not being hungry?”
"It isn’t like that. Now that you’re awake, you will become hungry again after a time.”
Green Wind replied sincerely to what could be a frustrating question. Carack sighed with relief and cried out,
"Prince, I’m really glad. It would be a big problem if you lost the desire to eat.”
If he wasn’t hungry, he wouldn’t want food and his pleasure in eating would disappear. It was a really scary thing to think about.
'Indeed, a genius orc.’
His way of thinking was definitely extraordinary.
In-gong admired him, then changing the topic.
“How is the lycanthropes’ palace? Is it different from the Demon King’s Palace?”
“Huh? This isn’t the palace of the lycanthropes. It is like a house where the royalty stays.”
Carack tilted his head with confusion. In-gong’s gaze turned toward Green Wind.
“Greenie?”
It was obvious who he was calling, but Green Wind just avoided his gaze.
"Is Greenie here? Carack, do you know?”
Carack laughed instead of replying and Green Wind’s gaze toward In-gong became colder. Green Wind opened her mouth and declared coldly,
"I thought it was a royal palace. You are a good Master, but I feel like Master has become a little bit spiteful these days.”
Then she sneaked a peek at In-gong. She was the guardian that the centaurs and satyrs of Enger Plains prayed to, but he just thought she was cute.
"Well, it is similar.”
In-gong turned away from Green Wind and asked Carack again,
"In the meantime, how have you been?"
"Prince and Princess were sleeping, so I was able to take a break. Karma is learning druid magic from Daphne while Prince Chris seems to be busy due to the person who ran away. Princess Felicia is staying in her room due to the lycanthrope nobles that came."
Karma hadn’t just started learning druid magic from Daphne yesterday and it was natural that Chris was busy. However, he was somewhat nervous about Felicia.
"The lycanthrope nobles?”
“They seem to have come with Queen Elaine. Seira says that they are the queen’s royal guards. Every one of them have an unusual red tattoo on their face.”
Among the nobility, there were those who were part of Queen Elaine’s royal guards.
They had red tattoos on their faces.
"The Blood Companions.”
"Blood Companions?”
“That is what Seira called the 4th Queen’s royal guards. They are scary."
In the lycanthrope subjugation, aside from Chris and Caitlin, the ones who dealt the most damage aside were the blood companions. 
They consisted only of werewolves and all of them had some royal blood, regardless of whether it is thick or thin. Each one knew Divine Beast Authority and since they were trained with the aim of joining this unit, the connection between them was really great.
Carack shook his head at In-gong’s explanation like it was ridiculous.
"Prince seems to know everything that others don’t.”
If Felicia was next to him, she would have nodded.
As though he suddenly had a thought, In-gong asked Carack,
"Did you ask about that?”
Although Caitlin was asleep, he didn’t know what she or anyone else might overhear. Carack quickly noticed In-gong’s intentions.
"If it is about that story, I asked Delia and Seira while I was resting.”
He hadn’t forgotten about what In-gong had told him previously at the Demon King’s Palace. In-gong nodded with a satisfied expression.
"Okay, then tell me next time.”
“Understood. By the way, what about Princess?”
Carack changed the subject naturally. In-gong gazed at the sleeping Caitlin and said,
"Fortunately, she seems to be okay.”
He could still feel Caitlin’s aura through their entwined hands. Just like In-gong, Caitlin had become healthier than before. He would have been worried about how long she was sleeping, but Green Wind said it was the medicinal effect of Moonlight Extract.
“Will both of you really get better if you hold hands like that?”
“Yes.”
In-gong replied while fixing the position of Caitlin’s hand. Despite the fact that it was true, In-gong also thought that it was quite strange.
"Master, Princess seems to be waking up.”
In-gong turned to Caitlin after hearing Green Wind’s voice. Caitlin was opening her eyelids slowly .
She stared at the ceiling blankly for a moment before smiling.
“Shu...tra?”
Her voice was hoarse from being asleep for so long, but there didn’t seem to be any abnormalities. In-gong smiled and replied,
“It is all over. Gerard has been defeated and everyone is safe.”
He told her the most important things. Caitlin was relieved and stretched her body. Then her eyes flashed and a very embarrassed expression formed on her face. In-gong realized why and hurriedly reassured her,
"Focus on your aura. Thanks to the Moonlight Extract, both Noona and I have gained a new power.”
Chris and Caitlin were geniuses and sensitive to the flow of aura. It was obvious that she would be surprised at her aura which was suddenly different.
Caitlin closed her eyes after In-gong spoke and focused on her aura. A dark blue light rose from Caitlin’s entire body.
After a minute or so, Caitlin’s eyes glowed as she opened them again. In-gong playfully poured a little bit of his aura into their joined hands.
“How is it?”
Naturally, Caitlin would have noticed the Starlight Core inside her as well as In-gong.
Indeed, Caitlin laughed brightly like the moon. She exclaimed with her distinctive shining eyes,
“Great!”
&
In-gong and Caitlin sat facing each other on the bed. After sitting up straight, the two of them held each other’s hands and closed their eyes, breathing deeply.
In-gong increased the level of Divine Sura Authority from three to five before circulating his aura. He had to use all the newly acquired skill points gained from defeating Gerard, but it was worth it.
A white aura rose from In-gong’s body. In-gong circulated his aura in the usual way, then the stream of aura from the Moonlight Core joined the cycle naturally.
The amount of aura hadn’t increased much. However, In-gong was able to manipulate his aura more freely. The pathways for the aura were wider and deeper, allowing the auras from the two hearts to flow faster than before. This also meant a stronger explosive force.
However, this wasn’t the end. The present change was only when In-gong was alone.
Right now, Caitlin was in front of him.
The Moonlight Core responded to the Starlight Core in Caitlin. The two auras unconsciously started to become one.
Caitlin’s dark blue aura headed to In-gong and In-gong’s white aura wrapped around Caitlin.
It wasn’t about two hearts now but four hearts.
If he had to name it, it would be a quad-core.
There was no backlash despite the fact that different auras were being mixed together. After receiving Caitlin’s aura, he felt the depths of Divine Beast Authority and Divine Sura Authority increasing.
After accepting In-gong’s aura, Caitlin started acquiring Divine Sura Authority that In-gong hadn’t found a way to teach.
The two of them couldn’t help smiling. The mixture of the white and dark blue auras started circulating vigorously from the quad-core.
Their auras were getting stronger and their aura growth rate was much faster and better than before.
In-gong and Caitlin felt great joy; it was a type of pleasure.
"I don't know but it seems to be great."
One hour had passed since In-gong and Caitlin started circulating their aura. Carack spoke while popping foods that digested well into his mouth and Green Wind watched the two people with a relaxed expression.
"It is the power of beautiful life.”
Daphne and Karma nodded and agreed with Green Wind’s words. The two druids could feel the power of life that was the essence of aura.
Everyone was pleased and full of admiration, but there was one person who complained.
"It is good, but do they need to practice as soon as they wake up?”
Felicia muttered, frowning. She had come to see both of them after hearing that they had woken up, but she couldn’t even say a word.
It seemed good that both of them were smiling while training, but she couldn’t help feeling upset.
"It is a good thing, Princess. And this is delicious. It is great cooking.”
Felicia smiled as Carack praised the porridge that she made but sighed and gave up.
Some time passed by and just as everyone but Green Wind was thinking about going back...
"I expected it, but it is even more amazing.”
It was Chris who had appeared at the door. He had appeared without any aides and turned to Felicia.
"How long has it been since they went into this state?”
“Roughly two hours.”
It was Carack who replied since he had been there since the beginning.
“Really? Then I should stop them.”
“Huh? Can you do it? Isn’t it bad to break the aura when they are training like this?"
Felicia was aghast and grabbed Chris’ hand to stop him, but he shook his head and replied,
"There is a way to break it naturally. You don’t have to worry.”
Moreover, Divine Beast Authority was something that could be practiced while walking, running and so on. If their aura was disrupted by being disturbed suddenly, it would be troublesome.
After reassuring Felicia, Chris raised his blue aura and struck In-gong and Caitlin’s hands. Once Chris’ enormous power emerged, Felicia and everyone else had to realize Chris’ presence. It was the same for In-gong and Caitlin as well.
The aura around In-gong and Caitlin gradually weakened. The white and dark blue auras split apart and faded like they were scattered by the wind.
In-gong and Caitlin woke up at the same time. Chris greeted them with a large smile.
"Have you regained your consciousness?’
"Oppa!”
Caitlin stood up and rushed to Chris. Chris laughed as she hugged and babbled at him.
"You both had an amazing experience.”
Caitlin nodded from Chris’ arms and In-gong also smiled in agreement. Chris put Caitlin down and said,
"Now, both of you are conscious, so you should say something to Noonim. She has been sulking.”
Felicia’s eyes widened at Chris’ words. It was because Caitlin then dragged Felicia into a hug.
Felicia struggled for a bit, but Caitlin won eventually. In-gong told Felicia,
"I’m glad you’re safe.”
"Don’t speak nonsense.”
Felicia wanted to say more but she didn’t. Instead of teasing Felicia as usual, Chris gathered all eyes toward him again.
"This is a good sight, but I don’t have much time. I’ll tell you straight away.”
"What... is it?”
Felicia asked Chris in a tense and nervous voice.
Chris responded with a somewhat relaxed look.
"I am going back to the palace with the other lycanthropes today. It seems like we will be busy for a while.”
In fact, that answer had been expected to some extent. Although he was close to death, Gerard’s death was still uncertain. The question of who helped Gerard break out also needed to be addressed and the 4th Queen couldn’t leave the palace empty for too long.
Chris told In-gong,
"Once you meet Amita, return to the palace. Shouldn’t we meet before you return to the Demon King’s Palace? I will also hear the answer to the proposal then.”
Felicia’s eyes narrowed at the suggestion, but In-gong simply nodded.
"And Caitlin,"
Chris pointed at Caitlin. He gazed at Caitlin, who was still hugging Felicia, and declared,
“You should go with Shutra.”
“Eh?”
"I’m convinced after what I just saw. Right now, you need Shutra more than me. Additionally, you and Shutra are both stronger now.”
There was a variable in place called the Moonlight Core and Starlight Core. Furthermore, this was the territory of the lycanthropes, not the Demon KIng’s Palace. So, he didn’t need to hold Caitlin in his arms.
However, it was clear that Chris and Caitlin were unfamiliar with this. Since she had been born, Caitlin had always gone with Chris no matter where he went.
It had been a different story when they went to look for the Thunder Light Anvil. This wouldn’t be one or two days but at least a fortnight spent apart.
Caitlin hesitated to reply and Chris patted her head.
"It is just this time. You don’t have to worry.”
"Eung.”
Caitlin nodded. Chris laughed and looked back at In-gong.
"Shutra, take care of Caitlin.”
“I understand, Hyung Leave it to me.”
In-gong knocked on his chest. Then Felicia, who had been watching the series of conversations, protested loudly,
"Hey, shouldn’t you be asking me that instead of Shutra?”
Among the children of the demon king who were present, Felicia was the oldest.
Chris nodded with a serious expression and spoke to In-gong again,
"Shutra, look after Felicia noonim as well. Really, please.”
“Yes, Hyung.”
"Hey!"
Felicia protested at In-gong’s earnest answer and Caitlin quickly bit her lip to stop from laughing.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter
 






Chapter 85 - Chapter 13: The Right to Rule #4
The carriage was moving.
It was a huge carriage drawn by six horses but only two people were inside.
Elaine Moonlight, queen of the lycanthropes and the demon king’s 4th queen, and her younger cousin, Ludwig, leader of the Blood Companions.
Elaine’s expression was very calm as she stared out the window. Ludwig asked without knowing,
"Is it okay to not be there when she wakes up?”
There was no need to ask about who he was talking about. Elaine, who turned and saw the impatience and resentment on Ludwig’s face, closed her eyes like she was enjoying the sunshine.
"You’ve already checked on her several times now. I waited to the limit, but Caitlin was a little late this time. It is unfortunate.”
‘Would she be awake by now? It would have been really nice if I could have seen her awake.’
In contrast to her rigid words, Elaine’s voice was full of uneasiness. Ludwig couldn’t understand Elaine, his lord and cousin. It wouldn’t have been a big deal if she had waited a few more hours.
Elaine opened her eyes and spoke with a mischievous smile that resembled Chris.
"Can you tell me the story now? I originally planned to start after returning to the palace.”
The task of Ludwig, leader of the Blood Companions, wasn’t just to be Elaine’s escort. He served simultaneously as Elaine’s secretary and adviser and always had to be mindful of the three roles that he played.
"I’ve found the body of the fake Gerard in the east. It is obviously a lycanthrope but everything else is unknown. As expected, he killed himself.”
He used suicide after all avenues of escape disappeared.
It was the most extreme and effective way to prevent information from leaking.
Elaine pressed a hand to her temple and said,
"Regardless of whether it is the fake’s own capacity or a magic weapon from support forces, the fake Gerard has shown enough power to turn our attention to him. Moreover, he committed suicide after being caught. This is obvious, but there has to be a big organization behind this.”
It wasn’t inside the lycanthrope kingdom. The organization intervening was clearly from the outside.
Elaine bit her lip before turning her head abruptly. Her trustworthy and handsome cousin, who had all the female maids at the palace pining after him, had a dog-like expression on his face.
“Why? Do you want to say something?”
"How have they known about him?”
Ludwig was more curious about that than the identity of the external forces.
How had they found out? The fact that Gerard had been trapped in the lowest level of the Grey Tower was a secret.
"The information that Gerard was in the lowest level of the Grey Tower was top secret. It has been a secret for over 200 years.”
Even those in the Grey Tower were unaware that Gerard had been there.
The secret had been perfect and no leaks had existed.
However, Elaine didn’t think so. She leaned on the window and shook her head gently.
"Hundreds of people died due to Gerard. It happened overnight and occurred inside the palace, but... there was a crowd. There is no perfect secret in this world. One day, it would be discovered.”
In the end, she seemed to be talking more to herself, than to Ludwig.
Elaine’s expression was detached, but Ludwig was different. He remembered Caitlin and had to clench his teeth to stop the words from coming out.
Elaine laughed. She returned her cousin’s thoughts to the original story.
"They wouldn’t have freed Gerard for no reason. It would benefit them to harm the lycanthropes, but he kept his mind after being freed. Why did they let Gerard go and do his own thing?”
The most valuable use of Gerard was the fact that he was the former heir to the lycanthrope throne as well as Elaine’s brother.
They could use Gerard to cause confusion about the legitimacy of succession.
Yet none of those things seemed to be happening. Moreover, they didn’t control Gerard after he escaped. Perhaps, the organization had set Gerard’s actions into motion, but Elaine’s female intuition didn’t think that was the case.
Ludwig was much simpler.
"I feel that Gerard is alive.”
Disregarding the relationship with the external force, the fact that Gerard had fled was uncomfortable.
Elaine nodded.
"He is really tough. He survived 20 years ago as well. I should have killed him at that time, but I fell into my bad habit.”
Ludwig once again thought that he had made a mistake. So, this time, he was the one who changed the topic.
“What do you think of 9th Prince?”
The switch was sudden, but Elaine just smiled. She knew why her loyal royal guard had changed the subject.
"Do you like him? I was quite surprised since I had seen him once before. At that time... how should I say it? I almost felt like he had no soul. Well, that was in the old days.”
It had been 7 years since she had last seen him. It had been a difficult time for the 9th Prince. Maybe Elaine had been mistaken.
Elaine touched her chin and nodded.
"Ludwig, you saw him. What are your thoughts?”
Ludwig had been watching In-gong and Elaine while they had been talking. Regardless of how much Chris trusted the 9th Prince, it was absurd to let the defenseless Caitlin stay there with no supervision.
"I don’t know what I saw, but...”
"But?"
Ludwig mumbled with a somewhat embarrassed face.
"It seems like he really cares about Chris and Caitlin.”
He had seen it when In-gong looked at Caitlin.
Elaine laughed at her cousin’s reply. It was just like Chris’ laugh.
"That isn’t what I’m talking about. Do you think he can really become the demon king?”
"He isn’t a lycanthrope. I don’t want to be hit in the back of the head.”
Despite all of this, 9th Prince was still an outsider. It was like letting someone else inside the cuckoo’s nest where babies had just been born.
Ludwig realized that his posture was uncomfortable and fixed it. Elaine was still smiling when he turned to face her and asked,
"Does Queen really think that 9th Prince can become the demon king?”
"Chris thinks so. So, I think so as well.”
"Your Majesty.”
Instead of responding, Elaine stretched out a hand toward Ludwig. He sighed and pulled out a metal box containing cigarettes. Elaine received the cigarette with a satisfied expression and lit it up with magic. She then said,
"I know the demon king. I don’t think I know all of him, but there is something I am sure about.”
The demon king, Mitra...
King of the sura and the strongest person in the Demon World.
"There is always a reason for his behaviour and that reason is far from his emotions.”
Elaine stopped talking as she inhaled the smoke again. She remembered when she had last been with him, a few years ago.
"He isn’t someone who would disrupt the court gathering twice for no reason. He must have seen something in 9th Prince that we couldn’t see.”
No, she had probably seen it. She didn’t know what it was, but she had clearly seen something.
Ludwig shook his head like it was ridiculous.
"They are still father and son, so we still don’t know. His attitude towards his children might have changed as he aged.
A father calling the name of his son wasn’t that special. If the unlikely son suddenly showed some potential, it was natural for his parents to cheer him on.
Elaine stared at Ludwig with a bemused expression and laughed.
"You have always liked children. You played well with Chris and Caitlin when they were young.”
"The two of them are still young.”
Ludwig said stiffly. Elaine pinched her cousin’s cheek and said,
"The demon king isn’t like that. He is a monster of rationality. It is obvious that there is emotion, but it works differently from us.”
Elaine put out her cigarette. She looked up reflexively at Ludwig and asked,
"Among the children of the demon king... Yes, for example, if Zephyr became strong enough to kill the demon king and inherit the throne, what do you think the demon king will say before he is killed?
"This bastard? Are you immoral? Won’t you be cursed?”
Ludwig spoke directly and Elaine laughed again. Then Ludwig muttered with a red face,
“That is a common reaction.”
"Yes, it is common. However, the demon king’s reaction would probably be uncommon. He would probably be pleased at the birth of a demon king more powerful than himself. He is that type of person.”
The strongest man in the Demon World who had ascended to the position of demon king...
Anyone strong enough to defeat him deserved to gain the position of demon king.
Ludwig looked like it was strange and Elaine nodded.
“It is like that. Chris can’t become demon king, so I am thinking of supporting 9th Prince.”
He was someone who the demon king found special. He had caused the demon king to take such actions.
"But as you know, the demon king has a few more wives and they probably know the demon king as well as I do. The 3rd Queen... I wonder about Sylvia’s reaction. She might get on the same carriage as us.”
The princess of the dark elves, Sylvia Doomblade, didn’t belong to any of the factions. Just like her children Silvan and Felicia, she was known for avoiding involvement in all matters related to the demon king.
However, it wasn’t because the dark elves were weak. She was like the previous Elaine — she simply didn’t want to take the risk on a low gamble.
It was the same with Ludwig.
"I don’t think it is too bad to take a step back.”
"That might be the case. Maybe I am taking a risk, but I believe the future in which the 9th Prince becomes the demon king is the best for us.”
This was because it was impossible to establish a good relationship with any of the other demon king candidates.
Elaine looked out the window again. She gazed at a distant place and recalled Caitlin. She whispered in a slight voice,
"The Demon World is a world of the strong... Eventually, everything will go according to the will of the strongest. I also like this fact.”
The carriage moved forward. The palace of the lycanthropes wasn’t far away.
&
The afternoon that In-gong and Caitlin woke up, Chris left the royal house and headed to the palace.
And the next morning, In-gong also left the house with his party. The direction was the opposite of the one that Chris headed in.
They travelled together with lycanthrope soldiers until they passed the lycanthropes’ territory. Once outside the territory, only one lycanthrope ranger joined as a guide.
His name was Robin and he was a wild boar lycanthrope. Robin was a competent ranger who had almost all of the western area’s terrain in his head. He was also the male companion who would help restore the gender balance of In-gong’s group after Caitlin and Seira joined.
‘There is something wrong.’
While the male to female ratio was extremely unbalanced, this was common to see in novels, cartoons, movies, games, animations and so on. However, the most popular person wasn’t the protagonist but the person next to him.
Carack was sitting talking to Karma and Daphne while occasionally looking into Seira’s and Delia’s eyes. In-gong then turned his attention to Caitlin and Felicia. The two of them were sleeping on each other, in a loving display of a sibling relationship.
A warm smile formed involuntarily on his face as he gazed at the two of them, then he touched the seat of the carriage he was riding. Chris had given them a carriage that was very big, durable and cozy.
'Maybach would be good right now.’
He had left the draco at the Demon King’s Palace. If he had known that they would keep moving after Thunderdoom Fortress, In-gong would’ve brought him.
In-gong finally glanced at Robin who was sitting next to Seira. He looked uncomfortable about sitting in the carriage and opened up awkwardly when he felt In-gong’s gaze on him.
"Once we reach the Twin Bridge, we’ll have to get down from the carriage and walk. 9th Prince should rest right now.”
"I’ve been sleeping too much over the last few days. What about Spider Forest? Have you been there before?”
He really didn’t feel like sleeping.
Robin nodded to In-gong’s question and replied,
"I was there six months ago. My overall impression is that it is very calm. It is a very peaceful place because there are no beasts or monsters nearby. It is a little bit different if we enter deep into Spider Forest... but the area near the road will be smooth.”
It was quite a good story. Even in In-gong’s memory, Spider Forest hadn’t had have any events. It was a peaceful land without any monsters or incidents.
‘A peaceful place.’
Then three days later, the party arrived at Spider Forest to hear the cries of beasts, the roars of monsters and a terrible aura covering the whole forest.
Robin was greatly confused but the rest of the party was different. Carack gazed at In-gong and he looked back with the same expression.
“W-why?”
In-gong stuttered and Carack gave a long sigh. Felicia laughed bitterly like she had expected it.
Caitlin held In-gong’s hand and spoke in a warm voice like she was trying to comfort him, instead of condemn him.
“Shutra is indeed amazing.”
Was this a comfort or an instant kill?
In-gong stared at the Spider Forest.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 86 - Chapter 14: The Last Flame
They smiled like it was a joke, but the situation wasn’t that relaxing.
Carack grabbed Robin with a serious expression and asked,
"It is a situation that’s different from the usual?”
"That's correct. I’ve never seen Spider Forest look this way.”
Robin spoke politely to Carack as he had done throughout the journey as Carack was an orc who was shockingly informal when talking to the prince and princess. The armour he wore was so great that Robin mistook him for someone with a noble status.
Seira added,
"Are there any regular patrols in this area?”
The lycanthrope rangers patrolled the outskirts of the lycanthrope area at regular intervals, so Robin nodded.
“It isn’t everyday, but the rangers will pass by here once a month.”
"When was the last time the rangers passed by here?”
This time it was Delia who asked.
Robin counted the date in his head and stuttered,
“Eh... We can’t reach the rangers headquarters unless we pass Spider Forest... Considering the amount of time it takes to move and the last time the rangers have been here, it should be 10 days to a fortnight.”
A fortnight was definitely not a short period. However, it was too short to change the distribution of animals in certain areas.
"This is a recent change. It is abrupt.”
Felicia muttered and looked around again. She could feel a powerful energy even without focusing on the flow of magic.
As Robin had said, if there had been no big changes until 10 days ago, then it had to be a coincidence that their visit coincided with the changes in Spider Forest.
Carack asked with a serious expression,
"Don't worry. Can we really blame Prince? This is Prince’s trademark.”
In-gong couldn’t sense the difference, but Carack seemed to think it was good. Carack nodded with a laugh while In-gong looked at Daphne. She a was druid and a dryad, so she would be most sensitive to these kind of changes.
While the party was exchanging stories, she closed her eyes and tried to communicate with the surrounding spirits. Then she spoke with a pale face,
“The surrounding spirits are very afraid. It is more about fear for the future than a sudden change in circumstances.”
Daphne looked at Karma and Karma nodded as well.
"Fear is mixed in with the cries of the beasts. It isn’t just a threatening cry. Some are terrified.”
Intermittent roars could be heard from the depths of the forest. He didn’t know if they were fighting each other, but maybe there truly was a different cause.
Everyone’s expressions became serious. Felicia turned to In-gong and asked,
"The person called Amita, are they strong?”
Although she knew they were unusual because they were a friend of the sword duke, she couldn’t help feeling uneasy.
In-gong was also forced to give an uncertain answer,
"Let's hope so."
In Knight Saga, Amita had always appeared with a difference appearance. In the past, Amita had appeared as a big man who looked strong but also a thin woman and a cute little boy.
Right now, he had Caitlin as an example, so it was impossible to evaluate attack power based on appearance alone. In the end, it was impossible to guess how much strength, skill and abilities Amita had.
'They have lived for a long time, but that isn’t unconditional.
Moreover, there was a law that prevented the existence of a great craftsmen and great warrior in one individual.
While In-gong and Felicia had a silent conversation, Caitlin, who had been listening quietly, opened her mouth.
"Shutra, this is outside the lycanthrope territory, but it isn’t that far. I think that it would be a good idea to ask for support, rather than try to resolve it ourselves.”
Although she was quite curious about Amita, she was a princess of the lycanthropes.
Felicia nodded in agreement to her statement.
However, there was someone who opposed this.
"It is too late.”
It was Green Wind. Robin was amazed by her sudden appearance. However, the party had already seen Green Wind several times, so they were more interested in her words.
Carack asked first,
"It is too late. What does that mean?”
Instead of answering, Green Wind just frowned slightly. However, it wasn’t because she wasn’t offended by Carack’s question but because the energy around Spider Forest was having a detrimental effect on her.
Green Wind hugged herself and looked at In-gong.
"I can feel the power of the guardian. It is very weak. The spirits are just afraid of the monsters. They are afraid that the guardian of Spider Forest will disappear.”
It was Green Wind, the guardian of Enger Plains, who was saying this. Felicia asked Robin hurriedly,
“Robin, does Spider Forest have a guardian? A guardian that protects the area.”
Caitlin didn’t know a lot about the outside territory, so she didn’t know much about Spider Forest.
Robin searched through his memories with a confused expression before clapping his hands.
"There is a story of a spider spirit. It is a story about a giant spider living in the centre of Spider Forest.”
There was no such thing as proper faith.
In-gong nodded thoughtfully. Nothing special had occurred at Spider Forest in Knight Saga. Moreover, there were no tribes living nearby, so the situation was different from Green Wind who was worshiped by the centaurs and satyrs.
Regardless, Green Wind had said it, so the existence of the guardian was certain.
Carack asked Green Wind,
"Anyway, what will happen if the guardian spirit disappears?”
Carack’s question pulled at the core of the story. Green Wind seemed to find it difficult to answer and Felicia suddenly opened her mouth,
“If the guardian disappears, it is a problem. But how does it disappear?”
Everyone’s gazes moved toward Felicia. She raised her index finger and explained,
"There are two main ways that a guardian can disappear. One is that the guardian spirit itself is destroyed while the other is that the source of the spirit is destroyed.”
In-gong was reminded of the small temple on Enger Plains. Green Wind had said that Enger Plains would lose its colours and revert back if she disappeared.
Felicia presented the answer like she had read In-gong’s mind.
"Green Wind is a higher ranked guardian. So, even if the source disappears, she won’t. Her strength is likely to just weaken.”
Karma had a heartbroken look on her face at those words, but no one witnessed it.
Green Wind just shrugged in response.
"Hmm, hmm.”
‘Now, you know. Master should take care of me more,’ was what her expression seemed to be saying.
In-gong looked away from Green Wind and shifted toward Felicia, who laughed and continued her explanation,
"But most guardians are destroyed when the source is. Most of them are cases that I have encountered before in ruins or dungeons.”
Since Felicia had many experiences exploring ruins, no one expressed any disagreement.
Caitlin frowned and asked,
"Unni, are you saying that the guardian of Spider Forest is weakened due to the source itself being hit?”
“Perhaps.”
“It is accurate. I also think so.”
Green Wind nodded with a serious expression and spread her arms wide open.
"This is the first time I’ve come here. The spirits are confused and frightened and they can’t communicate properly, but I can feel it. There is powerful magic in the centre of that forest. Once the magic is destroyed, a big change will take place in the neighbourhood.”
"Like Enger Plains?”
In-gong asked reflexively and Green Wind nodded.
“Master broke through the crisis on Enger Plains, but that would have been the case if Master hadn’t appeared. Enger Plains would have been turned into a desert. I don’t know what magic is in the centre of the forest, but if it is similar to Enger Plains, the area may become a desert or wilderness.”
Robin’s face became speculative when he heard the word ‘desert’. Green Wind continued to speak,
“There isn’t enough time to call for support from somewhere else. The power of the guardian spirit is too weak. If we wait for support, we might miss the timing.”
It had taken In-gong’s group a few days to reach Spider Forest. However, when considering the round distance travel, it would take at least three days for support to arrive.
In-gong stared at Spider Forest. Firstly, they had to confirm the identity of the enemy.
“On Enger Plains, the monsters of the Northern Limit Line came down directly. What monsters are gathered in the forest to attack the guardian?”
“I don’t know the answer to that. Maybe something like a powerful curse is weakening the guardian.”
"In the end, we have to go into the center of the forest.”
Outside the forest, they couldn’t do anything other than guess.
In-gong was reminded of the Death Knight. If this was a repeat of what had happened on Enger Plains, then it was likely that the Death Knight was involved.
‘The purple aura.’
It had been wrapped around the monsters in the north. Additionally, the man with the spear had a blue aura which contained a power of death that was one step higher.
"E-excuse me.”
Karma interrupted suddenly, raising her hand slightly when In-gong glanced at her.
"I know we don’t have time, but I think it will be hard to explore the forest right now.”
Her words were correct. There was a clear basis for them and Daphne agreed with Karma’s words.
"Your Highness, the spirits are afraid of the night. It is clear that something will happen at night.”
Green Wind nodded to confirm it.
Felicia bit her lip and asked,
"Can we get to the center before that?”
"We won’t arrive that quickly. It is already late afternoon.”
Carack pointed to the sky; the sun was close to the west.
"Okay, then we will set up camp nearby. We will put off going into the forest until tomorrow morning.”
Although In-gong was responsible for Thunderdoom Fortress, Felicia was in charge of the visit to Spider Forest.
"The most important things are our lives. We shouldn’t run away, but it isn’t worth doubling the risk.”
It was true that she wanted to meet Amita. As a child of the demon king, she had no desire to leave the forest.
However, the lives of In-gong and Caitlin were more precious. Felicia made a clear statement, then asked In-gong,
"Shutra, can I give Karma some work?”
In-gong turned to Karma and Karma immediately responded to his gaze,
“I will follow your words.”
In-gong looked back at Felicia. She accepted it as permission and told Karma,
"It is important to inform the lycanthropes of the current situation. Robin has to guide us in Spider Forest, so Karma will tell them the news. I believe in your quick feet and strong heart.”
“I understand.”
Karma replied with a determined expression. Felicia smiled and tried to relax.
"I'll write you a letter, so just wait a moment. Does Green Wind agree with camping?”
"
Understood.
”
“Yes, I agree. I am sorry for the guardian of this land, but Master is more precious.”
Green Wind scattered back to wind. After a rough plan was set, Robin and his group started moving again.
Then Caitlin grabbed In-gong’s hand and stared straight into In-gong’s eyes.
“It isn’t because of Shutra.”
This wasn’t happening because of In-gong; he was just involved in the incident.
"And on the contrary, can’t this crisis be resolved because Shutra has come here?”
Caitlin smiled so brightly that In-gong couldn’t help smiling back. He was thankful to Caitlin.
"Um, I think so as well.”
Carack laughed as he listened to the conversation. In-gong also laughed and patted Carack’s chest.
"Well, it is like this.”
"Good luck.”
Carack went to say goodbye to Karma who was preparing to go a long way.
Then a few hours later.
Night came to Spider Forest.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 87 - Chapter 14: The Last Flame #2
The party set up camp under a hill near Spider Forest.
They were now pros at camping; Carack set up the fire and scouted around with Robin, while Daphne prepared water for the party.
In-gong had nothing to do with setting up the camp, so he sat down next to Caitlin in order to practice aura.
In-gong and Caitlin sat facing each other like they had done in the lycanthrope house and grabbed both hands. They were able to get to the quad-core state after closing their eyes because they had already learnt the trick.
The previous quad-core had simply been a big, strong flow of aura. However, it was different this time. Caitlin led In-gong and In-gong pushed Caitlin; Caitlin’s knowledge of Divine Beast Authority led Divine Sura Authority to a higher level.
In order to ensure proper aura training, the technical part should be carried out in parallel. Therefore, when In-gong first learnt Divine Beast Authority, he mainly focused on the technical elements.
He had to do that this time but couldn’t stop the aura training. This was just the beginning, but the feeling of the two auras uniting caused a great sense of accomplishment.
Once again, In-gong and Caitlin forgot about the time. One hour and then another hour. Then it lasted for another hour after the party finished eating together.
The air was cold.
As In-gong experienced the change in temperature and started to feel other things, his consciousness woke up.
He wasn’t sure, but it seemed like some time had passed. As In-gong’s aura slowed, Caitlin responded to it. The two people quickly released their quad-cores and opened their eyes slowly.
It was a twilight world. Instead of the orange of sunset, purple light that was turning black filled the sky. 
Moreover, the night was being pushed. The darkness was soon filled with a purple energy.
It was a strange feeling. When he thought about it, he barely remembered witnessing the time when day and night turned around. Was it normal for day and night to change this way?
In-gong raised his head and stared at the night sky. Both eyes naturally looked for the moon in the darkness.
In-gong once again felt a sense of incongruity.
"Green?"
The distorted moon was shining green. It seemed like an intense poison that would make the world melt.
Additionally, there were no stars. At that moment, In-gong lowered his gaze and looked before him.
Caitlin was standing while staring up at the night sky. However, she was a little strange. Her mouth was open and her eyes were blinking like she had been drugged.
Caitlin also looked down at In-gong. Suddenly, she groaned and pushed strength into both hands.
“Kuhang!”
She let out an incredible wolf-like roar. In-gong tried reflexively to restrain Caitlin, but it wasn’t easy. As a mix between a lycanthrope and sura, she didn’t have a beast form but contained the unique strength of a lycanthrope. Moreover, she was a powerful aura user, so her physical abilities were different.
Due to that, In-gong couldn’t restrain Caitlin’s power-
‘Eh?’
In-gong glanced down at his two arms. Caitlin was captured by his arms and couldn’t move. Of course, In-gong was shaking as he tried to endure her strength, but he wasn’t being pushed.
In-gong was applying force to Caitlin. She tried to resist his power, but she gradually began to be pushed back.
'Did I gain more strength?’
It was like that; In-gong was stronger than Caitlin. He hadn’t realized it because he was getting stronger progressively. Additionally, there had also been the bonuses from levelling up.
In-gong was over level 20, so his strength had exceeded 80 points. It was much higher than his other stats because he had invested additional points. If he had over 80 points in strength, that meant he was at least eight times stronger than Villager A. It was a terrifying force.
Caitlin was still struggling, but she then collapsed and In-gong quickly took the mount position on top of her. He held down her two legs, so Caitlin was really stuck.
“Noona! Steady yourself! Noona!”
Caitlin howled instead of answering. It wasn’t just a roar, but it sounded like she was crying out to something.
Why had this change suddenly happened? In-gong turned his head reflexively. Things were happening behind him.
“Seira! I am Carack!”
Carack said hurriedly to Seira who was growling in her beast form. He walked slowly toward her with his arms wide open like he was harmless.
"Calm down, please calm down. Can’t you recognize me?”
Carack smiled awkwardly. Seira gazed at Carack’s face and kicked his groin.
“Keook!”
Carack sank from the strong blow. Robin, who was crazy like Seira, had picked up a sword and was pointing it at Delia. It was impossible to suppress the crazy lycanthropes with simply force.
In-gong also felt that way. At that moment, Felicia shouted,
"Close your eyes!"
In-gong didn’t understand, but he just believed in Felicia. Instead of asking questions, he immediately closed his eyes.
"Flash!"
Felicia shouted again. A bright light emerged from her two hands and swept away the darkness around her. It was such a strong light that even Felicia didn’t dare open her eyes.
“Kiaack!”
Seira and Robin screamed at the same time. The two people temporarily lost their sight and fell down. Then Felicia took back the magic light and quickly cast a second spell.
"Bind!"
A magical rope tied up Seira and Robin. However, it was just a temporary measure as the rope couldn’t hold out long against their strength. Felicia frowned and ordered Carack and Delia,
"Cover their eyes. It will calm them down a little bit!”
Seira and Robin weren’t beasts, but they had lost control in their beast form, so beasts taming methods seemed to fit them.
Carack seized Seira from behind and covered her eyes with his palms while Delia tied a handkerchief around Robin’s eyes.
It seemed to be working as their movements calmed slightly. This time Daphne was the one who shouted.
“They are spirits of insanity! Be careful not to get affected as well!”
As soon as she said it, she closed her eyes and started to chant a spell. It was to drive away the spirits of insanity possessing Seira and Robin.
In-gong finally roughly understood the situation. He turned toward Caitlin who was still beneath him and shouted,
“Green Wind!”
‘I will try it!”
Green Wind understood In-gong’s meaning and used her strength. A green wind started gently revolving around Caitlin’s head.
Fortunately, it seemed to work. Caitlin’s power weakened gradually and she no longer cried out. She closed her eyes and didn’t move.
"Are they calm?”
In-gong looked behind him. Like Caitlin, Seira and Robin were also collapsed and unmoving.
"Sleep."
Felicia headed to In-gong’s side after putting the two people to sleep with magic. The sleep magic was also used on Caitlin.
Whether it was due to using so much magic in succession or surprise at the situation itself, Felicia’s breathing was rough as though she was going to vomit. In-gong suddenly glanced around. He noticed something that he had failed to see previously due to the sudden situation.
The party was now in a forest. Despite the fact that they had camped under a hill outside the forest, there were trees surrounding them.
What was going on? Had a space jump magic been activated?
In-gong looked up at the green moon. The beginning of all this was the rising of this green moon.
The spirits were afraid of the night...
It was because the changes occurred at night.
The ground shook. In-gong got up from where he was sitting on Caitlin and caught the stumbling Felicia. Delia, who had her eyes closed, jumped up and shouted,
"Monsters are gathering!”
The ringing sound from the earth was approaching them. In-gong opened his mini-map swiftly. His field of view was unclear and certain numbers couldn’t be grasped, but red dots signifying the enemy were covering it.
“What is going on? This place wasn’t a forest!”
They had obviously been underneath the hill when night had fallen. There had only been a few trees nearby.
Felicia shouted, but she didn’t expect any answers. She just grabbed Caitlin and hurriedly prepared for any enemies. Green Wind’s voice reached everyone,
'This is a mixture of illusion and reality. The power of an exceedingly strong spirit!’
The green moon.
If the moon had actually turned green, In-gong’s party wouldn’t have noticed it. It was obvious that the moon only looked green from this area.
The spirits of insanity and the landscape that had changed suddenly...
As Green Wind said, it was all an illusion. However, it was impossible to ignore it because it was also mixed with reality.
Daphne shouted,
"Our defense has been compromised! If we run away, we can go deep into the forest!”
In-gong glanced at his mini-map. The compass for defense was rotating wildly. The surrounding terrain had changed, so it couldn’t figure out the direction.
The shaking of the earth was getting bigger and bigger. It was obvious that they would soon be invaded by monsters. He had to make a decision.
“Fight here! Felicia!”
In-gong shouted while equipping Earth Quaker and White Eagle on both arms. Felicia moved Caitlin behind her and yelled back,
"Call me Noona! Dig!”
She used magic to dig at the ground. As if to test them, the land was immediately filled with illusions.
It was impossible to change the terrain to block the enemies. Therefore, Felicia used different spells.
"Grease! The Wind!"
Felicia made the surrounding ground slippery and created a thick wind barrier behind her to prevent attacks from the rear. She wanted to use the fire barrier, but if she made a mistake, a big fire could happen and they would all burn to death.
Carack laid Seira and Robin down next to Felicia while Delia took out a sword to defend Felicia and the three people. Daphne hesitated for a moment before calling some spirits next to Delia.
It was a situation where the strength of their group had plummeted sharply, but it couldn’t be helped. Karma and Chris wasn’t here, so In-gong had to be prepared to fight.
“Carack!”
“Understood!”
He didn’t say anything, but Carack could understand through his gaze. In-gong would attract the attention of as many monsters as possible. Meanwhile, Carack’s duty was to protect the others.
Green Wind shouted,
‘Master! They’re coming!’
‘Dragon Blood!’
In-gong woke up the power of the dragon. At the same time, In-gong was given the power of Daphne’s spirits.
"Kuhang!”
The first monsters appeared through the bushes. Like Caitlin and Seira, their eyes were blank. He could sense the spirits of insanity that Daphne had mentioned.
In-gong finished organizing his thoughts, then ran and struck the head of a wolf-like monster with his explosive power, shattering its head with one blow. As he looked around, monsters sprang out simultaneously for a joint attack.
“Fire Arrow!”
The Fire Arrow wasn’t only directed at the Dragon Scale Greaves. Extending from In-gong’s fingertips, the Fire Arrow struck the monsters and part of the bush caught on fire.
Numerous monsters attacked the party. In addition to the beasts such as wolves and bears, there were also monsters that looked like giant insects. However, their eyes were all blank.
In-gong confronted the monsters. There were waves after waves of enemies, but his couldn’t spare his aura here.
He was in a trance-like state and shouted as he destroyed the waist of an ant-like monster. Aura exploded and the loud sound drew the monsters to him once again.
In-gong sprang up from the ground, flew over the heads of the insect-like monsters and used Great Mountain. An enormous force emerged from the palms of his hands and it started to push the monsters against the ground.
With a terrible sound, some of the insect-like monsters couldn’t withstand the pressure and exploded. As soon as In-gong landed, he was hit by a the poison from a poisonous frog. He swung his left arm which contained White Eagle.
Kakakakang!
White Eagle spread the metal plates like wings and flew over the monsters’ heads. Some of them couldn’t withstand the shock of their heads being hit and collapsed.
Instead of retrieving White Eagle, In-gong made it stay near Felicia.
Green Wind wanted to fight by In-gong’s side, but she followed his order faithfully. In-gong could fight more freely if he knew that Felicia and the others were safe.
The passage of time was always relative. Even minutes could seem to last for ages.
In-gong breathed in deeply. The bodies of monsters filled the area; it was evident that he had killed more than a dozen.
Instead of looking back, he used the mini-map to confirm the safety of the party and took out potions from his inventory. There were still a few monsters in the area, but they were a distance away. There was enough time for him to take a breather.
It was at that moment...
A terrible sound, incomparable to before, emerged from the ground. It was almost like an earthquake was occurring.
"Kyaaak!"
He heard Felicia scream from behind him. In-gong looked back hurriedly while opening the mini-map at the same time. Felicia had fallen due to the sudden shaking, but he didn’t see any injuries. Nothing on the mini-map had changed as well.
Then a second vibration came. It was definitely different from when the monsters had been running towards them.
“Greenie! Gaze sharing!”
In-gong shouted, pointing to the sky. Green Wind didn’t like being called Greenie, but due to the urgency of the situation, she soared into the sky and shared her vision without saying anything.
The forest stretched out endlessly and a blue light rose from the center of the forest. However, the cause of the shaking wasn’t the blue light.
The cause was to the right of the blue light.
There was something white and huge.
‘Giant?’
He couldn’t be sure. Although it had a humanoid shape, the body was covered with a white light, so he couldn’t confirm it. It tried to reach the blue light but could only scratch at the air. It was like an invisible wall was blocking the giant.
The white giant pushed against the ground again. The forest shook and the giant’s fist finally pierced through the air barrier. It felt like something was breaking.
“Shutra! What is happening?”
"The monsters are coming back!”
Felicia and Delia shouted at the same time. Instead of calling Green Wind again, In-gong continued staring at the white giant.
The white giant then melted into the darkness and scattered. After the giant poured all its strength into it, the invisible wall had fallen.
It was up to there. There was nothing to watch anymore. In-gong stopped sharing Green Wind’s gaze and shifted his gaze to what was before him. Like Delia had said, the monsters had come again.
Yet it was a little different this time. Instead of rushing towards In-gong’s group, the monsters headed somewhere else. They literally ran towards another place.
It was even more evident from the mini-map.
What was it? Was someone moving them?
Just then, there was a rustling sound from behind them. Ing-gong turned reflexively and White Eagle flew like lightning toward the sound, but the opponent was quick as well. They avoided White Eagle’s blow and ran to Felicia.
“Wait! Don’t attack!”
It wasn’t Felicia who spoke.
Delia raised her hand and tried to strike the opponent rushing at Felicia, but it was unreasonable. The person flew through the air, grabbed Delia’s hand, flipped her around and landed on the ground. While looking up at Felicia, they shrugged and shouted,
“Who are you? Where are you from? Are you friends of the sword duke?”
The one shouting in an urgent voice was a plain raccoon, but unlike the monsters that had appeared so far, both its eyes were full of spirit.
"Who are you?!”
Carack shouted from behind Felicia. The raccoon turned to stare at Carack, then he turned toward In-gong, who was equipping White Eagle back on his left arm, and said,
“My name is Amita, the craftsman who keeps the last flame."



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 88 - Chapter 14: The Last Flame #3
Amita Ignasia:
The best blacksmith out of all those that existed in Knight Saga.
They were called the blacksmith who dealt with the last flame.
"I will ask you again. Who are you? Why do you smell of the sword duke? Are you friends of the sword duke?”
The raccoon questioned in a sharp voice. Felicia pushed a hand against her temple and said in a confused voice,
"Wait a minute, wait a minute. Amita? A raccoon?"
The raccoon wasn’t just a raccoon; its body was smaller than that of a regular raccoon and its cute round face was just like a baby raccoon’s.
However, as Amita spoke with a frown, it was obvious this wasn’t an ordinary raccoon.
"Why, are you resentful towards raccoons? Is this your first time seeing a talking raccoon?”
"Oh, no, that isn’t it... Ah, it is the first time I’ve seen a talking raccoon but...”
The confused Felicia stopped talking. It was a raccoon that wasn’t simply a raccoon. Even Felicia, who had travelled all over the world, was in a state of panic.
In-gong had met Amita three times in Knight Saga, but he was confused as well. Yet, he was somehow able to control his mind.
'Anyway, they have appeared in various forms regardless of sex and age. They could also be a raccoon. Perhaps, this is the first time they’ve transformed into a raccoon.’
When he thought about it, he realised It was plausible. Although it was a foreign story, there was a legend where someone had disguised as a raccoon.
In-gong spoke politely,
"Amita, I am the 9th Prince of the Demon King’s Palace. I came to find you with the sword duke’s introduction.”
After In-gong’s introduction, Amita flicked their eyes to Felicia. Felicia spoke in a similar manner to In-gong,
“6th Princess Felicia Doomblade.”
They didn’t come as people from the Demon King’s Palace but as acquaintances of the sword duke. Amita’s face relaxed as they liked the courtesy of the two people somewhat.
"The sword duke introduced me?”
"Yes, we got our hands on good materials and he introduced us to the best craftsman.”
Amita narrowed their eyes and looked In-gong up and down. Then their gaze turned towards In-gong’s arms.
“That is a relic of an elder dragon.”
"Yes, they are from Watcher Ainkel and the Great Enkidu.”
Amita’s eyes narrowed even further. They covered their head with both hands and shook.
"Ugh, okay. Normally, I would have kicked you out, but you came at the right time.”
Judging from their words, they seemed to be deeply connected to the situation here. Felicia lowered herself and asked Amita,
"Amita, what is going on? Can you explain?”
"The story is a bit long. So, understand it quickly.”
They looked Felicia up and down before sitting on their tail.
"I have been staying in the centre of Spider Forest for months. I was thinking about moving to another place in six months, but then suddenly, something happened. Odd creatures covered in a purple aura struck Spider Forest.”
The expressions in Felicia’s and In-gong’s eyes changed.
Amita laughed and asked,
“Why? Do you know these guys?”
"I fought with monsters covered in a purple aura on Enger Plains. Their purpose was to eliminate the guardian of Enger Plains.”
Amita scowled at In-gong’s description.
"This was done by professionals. Anyway, the guardian of Spider Forest became involved, so I decided to stop them. This is a place where the lycanthrope rangers patrol routinely; I thought that the lycanthropes would be able to resolve the issue if I blocked the monsters properly.”
That reminded In-gong about the white giant was striking against a transparent wall. Amita had lived for a long time, so it wasn’t impossible that they knew a variety of techniques.
"The problem is... the ones with the purple aura aren’t the only ones involved.”
In-gong and Felicia nodded. In fact, while fighting in this forest, they hadn’t seen a single monster with a purple aura. Moreover, the spirits on Enger Plains hadn’t gone crazy like the spirits here were currently doing.
Amita spoke with a sigh,
"These guys are aiming for the last flame. They are enemies — people who had been seeking the last flame in the past. Additionally, the moon is green and all the spirits in the forest have gone crazy.”
"What type of people are they?”
The druid Daphne asked with a look mixed with curiosity and fear. Amita responded like they were reluctant to continue speaking,
"They were guardians once but have now become crazy. They covet the power of the last flame.”
“Is the last flame that good?”
“I don’t know. It is doubtful that they will be able absorb it, but it is true that the last flame is a very mysterious and wonderful thing. They seem to believe that if they absorb the last flame... they will return to the past, before they had gone crazy.”
Amita was a very good craftsman. However, it wasn’t their strength that was nestled in making the divine armor; It was the strength of the last flame that they used when making the armor.
It was obvious that the ‘first flame’ from the legend wouldn’t be ordinary.
"Anyway, I reinforced the ward in order to prevent them from coming in. The guardian of Spider Forest had to be protected urgently. As a result, the ward has become stronger... but I can’t run away. The last flame is stuck to a vein. It isn’t permanent and I can remove it, but it will take time.”
The most important thing to Amita was the last flame. They felt sorry for the guardian of Spider Forest, but Spider Forest wasn’t its main concern.
"The crazy guardians have joined forces with the ones surrounded by a purple aura. They have both become stronger and today, another ward was broken. Now, there is only one ward remaining.”
It was clear that the white giant had cracked the transparent wall.
Felicia asked in a serious voice,
"Amita, what will happen if the last flame goes out?”
“I don’t know. So far, I’ve never seen it go out. The possibility is low, but... maybe the world will perish like in the rumours.”
Amita responded bitterly. They didn’t know what was going to happen, so they were even more impatient.
"Is the sword duke in the area?”
“No.”
Amita sighed at In-gong’s answer. In-gong understood their mind. If the sword duke was here, he would be able to resolve the issue in a minute.
"Rotten. At any rate, I need you.”
Amita stood on two legs and alternated between looking at In-gong and Felicia. In particular, Felicia’s heart weakened as she looked at their moist eyes.
"6th Princess and 9th Prince, help me. You must defend the last flame and Spider Forest. Stop them. Keep the royal family’s pride and obligations.”
Felicia nodded reflexively as she heard ‘the royal family’s pride and obligations.’ However, at that moment, there was a sharp voice,
“Wait! Wait a minute!"
It was Carack who had been staying silent until now. In-gong and Felicia were surprised by Carack’s interruption, but Carack didn’t care. He showed his stubborness by crossing his arms and looking down at Amita.
"What will you do in return if Prince and Princess help you?”
“What?”
"The price, the price. Surely, you don’t intend for us to risk our lives for nothing?”
Felicia and Delia looked like they were shocked by Carack’s words. However, Felicia then gave a strange smile while In-gong decided to simply watch.
Amita looked between In-gong and Felicia, then tapped their chest like they were frustrated.
"Aren’t you listening to me? It is an unprecedented situation where the last flame might go out!”
"You said that you don’t know what will happen if it goes out. Maybe nothing will happen when the last flame is extinguished.”
Carack spoke in a subtle and strangely convincing voice.
Amita shook their fist like it was ridiculous and their tail tapped the floor as they shouted,
"Okay, the reason you came to me in the first place was for a commission. I will make one piece of desired equipment for Prince and Princess. How about that?”
Amita’s gaze was directed at Carack, not In-gong and Felicia.
Carack shook his head with a resolute expression.
"That is lacking. The cute and pretty girl sleeping here is the 8th Princess. She struggled with the enemies and lost consciousness. Additionally, all of us have to risk our lives. I don’t think that the lives of Prince and Princess are so cheap. There are also the lives of Delia, Seira, Daphne and Green Wind.”
Carack only omitted Robin. Whether it was deliberate or he had really forgotten, no one knew.
Amita pressed a hand to their forehead and sat on their tail like they were dizzy.
"You- Don’t you know how much my pieces are worth?”
"I don’t know. Do I need to know?”
Was it courage or ignorance?
Before Carack’s shamelessness, Amita had blanked out. They tried gazing at In-gong and Felicia for help, but it was useless.
“Okay, okay. I will do what you want. I will make one piece of equipment for all of you. Are you satisfied now?”
It was truly an excellent proposal, but Carack shook his head once again.
"There is one more colleague who went to call for reinforcements. She is a very precious companion and Prince’s essential subordinate.”
In-gong nodded when he thought about Karma. He only had two knights, so it was true that she was essential.
Amita jumped up.
"Up to there! Beyond that, no more!”
“Understood. One piece for Karma who is calling for reinforcements and one piece each for everyone here... Do you promise?”
"Yes, I promise.”
Amita waved their hands. Carack laughed and glanced at In-gong and Felicia.
“What do Prince and Princess think?”
“I’ll do it.”
"I will accept.”
When he replied, In-gong was looking at Amita instead of Carack. Amita scowled at the hateful master and servant before speaking,
"I will return to the center of the forest. You aren’t spirits, so there is a danger of losing your way if you follow me. Tomorrow morning, the illusions will disappear, so come to the center of the forest. If you hold this, you will be able to pass through the ward that I put up.”
Amita pulled out leaves from their arms and pushed them toward In-gong. The leaves looked sophisticated and real but were actually made of metal.
“I understand.”
"Then I will see you tomorrow.”
Amita sighed, seemingly exhausted, and jumped into the bushes.
Then after one minute, once In-gong was convinced that Amita was gone, he shrugged and asked,
"Doesn’t it feel like a storm has passed by?”
It was truly felt like that. Moreover, the conversation with Amita had headed in an unexpected direction.
Carack scratched his head and said,
"I’m sorry if I went overboard. I had no choice as Prince’s proud aide.”
It made a lot of sense as out of a sense of royal pride and duty, they would have accepted the request regardless.
Felicia smiled pleasantly and reassured him,
“Well, the results are good. The more equipment we have which are made by Amita, the better off we will be. However, I am a little worried. What if it isn’t made properly due to Amita’s anger?”
"That won’t happen. They seem to have a great deal of pride. They will definitely make it correctly.”
Carack hadn’t pushed Amita without thinking it through. If he was afraid of defective products like Felicia, he would have gone for a different approach.
In-gong nodded.
"I agree with Carack. Their name will go on it, so they will never create something bad.”
Amita was such a person. Moreover, it would be divine equipment made from the last flame. If shoddy equipment was made, it would indeed be blasphemy.
“Yes, it is great. Well done.”
Amita wasn’t a common craftsman but one that they were lucky to gain a commision from.
Since it was unlikely to have an ongoing relationship with them, it was better to receive as many benefits as possible.
Carack laughed when Felicia praised him honestly.
"I’m glad to be of help.”
Not only Felicia but Daphne and Delia also looked at Carack with a smile. In particular, the two of them had more than respect in their eyes. It was like they were gazing at a man with great vitality.
‘Indeed, someone who manages to get Carack as a husband won’t starve.’
In-gong nodded inadvertently and took a deep breath.
"Anyway... I guess this incident is certainly not normal.”
With the last flame tied up in the issue, the situation was a mess. Amita wasn’t sure if the world would be destroyed if the last flame was extinguished, but it would be a shame for the sacred flame to disappear anyway.
Moreover, it was noteworthy that there were monsters with a purple aura in Spider Forest, similar to those previously in the Enger Plains.
What was their purpose? Why did they attack?
"However, we can’t take a step back. As Amita said, we are royalty. It is our duty to protect the guardian of Spider Forest and the last flame. We have to protect Spider Forest until Karma calls for reinforcements.”
Felicia declared before turning her gaze towards the sky. In-gong looked up as well.
The green moon was fading away.
&
"What, why did the number of people increase again?”
"Talking raccoon, I was beside Master yesterday. I should also get my share."
“A talking raccoon is amazing!”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 89 - Chapter 14: The Last Flame #4
As the morning sun came up, the world changed.
Spider Forest, which had expanded greatly under the green moon, returned to its original appearance and instead of roaring wildly, the beasts and monsters fell into a deep sleep.
After the encounter with Amita, the attacks stopped and the party took turns to rest.
Daphne, who was the last person keeping watch, explained the matter to the three lycanthropes who had woken up.
Caitlin and Seira were embarrassed by their actions last night. Felicia comforted them, then gave orders to Robin. She thought they had to send more news because the situation was worse than when Karma left.
After Robin left in beast form, the party ate breakfast, then headed to Spider Forest.
They didn’t encounter any beasts or monsters like they had during the wild night. The ones they did encounter were sleeping in a half-exhausted state, so there was no fighting.
In-gong led the way using his mini-map.
They were able to find Amita settled on the transparent wall of the barrier. The raccoon standing on the rock scowled at them.
"What, why did the number of people increase again?”
Amita’s sharp gaze headed to Green Wind as she stood next to In-gong. Green Wind, who was holding In-gong’s arm in an actualized state, declared words that were similar to Carack’s,
"Talking raccoon, I was beside Master yesterday. I should also get my share."
It was the elegant tone of voice that had first appeared on Enger Plains, but Amita frowned as they didn’t like the contents.
"You are a guardian. Why should I make equipment for you?”
Green Wind shook her head at Amita’s words and answered with an unconcerned look,
"I belong to Master and Master is mine. Well, yes, that’s right. So, I can receive Master’s praise. I want to become stronger so that Master doesn’t get hurt.”
Then after finishing her words, she smiled at In-gong. The look in her eyes was asking for a compliment.
As everyone gazed at them, In-gong stroked Green Wind’s head with a somewhat awkward expression while Amita was speechless.
Carack noticed and suggested quietly,
"I just wanted to tell you, this but one of my colleagues left the forest to call for support. He was with us yesterday.”
He was talking about Robin.
Amita simply growled instead of answering and glanced at those they hadn’t been able to greet yesterday.
"8th Princess and her aide?”
“Seira.”
“A talking raccoon is amazing!”
The first was, naturally, Seira, followed by Caitlin. Caitlin had exclaimed before realizing her mistake and all eyes fell on her.
Her cheeks turned red with embarrassment.
“I am the 8th Princess, Caitlin Moonlight. It is an honour to meet you, the last blacksmith.”
If he only looked at appearance, the calm Caitlin resembled the 4th Queen Elaine.
However, her cheeks remained red and after the greetings were finished, her eyes were filled with an aspiration that was difficult to express.
Amita laughed and asked,
"Why, what do you want to say?”
"C-can I touch you?”
Caitlin asked carefully and Felicia blinked in shock by her sudden behaviour. However, Seira just laughed with embarrassment like she had been expecting it.
Chris was Caitlin’s emotional anchor and the reins that controlled her. In Chris’ absence, Caitlin had no choice but to act differently from normal.
Amita seemed embarrassed but they nodded readily.
"I’ll allow it."
“Thank you.”
Caitlin rushed toward Amita with a bright face and carefully stretched out her hand. Her hands moved naturally to their head and Amita closed their eyes like they were enjoying the touch.
Green Wind narrowed her eyes at the sight and asked,
"Master, do I act like that when I get praised?”
"No, you are much worse.”
Green Wind’s eyes widened at his answer, but In-gong just stroked her head a few more times. She then frowned, but her face soon became peaceful as she smiled broadly.
Felicia interrupted this strange atmosphere.
"Hmm, hmm. About that… Let's cut to the chase.”
Amita was now held in Caitlin’s arms. Amita chuckled and said patronisingly,
"You can hug me as well. I’ll allow it."
“There is no need.”
Felicia seemed somewhat hesitant, but she refused, opening her fan.
However, thanks to Caitlin, Amita was feeling better, so they didn’t mind.
"Tonight, they will attack the ward. So, I’ve set up my own plan.”
Amita jumped from Caitlin’s arms and pulled out a piece of paper from thin air. In-gong didn’t know if it was inventory magic like his or a magic tool, but he focused solely on the piece of paper.
On the paper, there was a rough map of the terrain around a blue flame.
"Until now, the enemies’ pattern can be broken down into two major phases. In the first phase, the beasts and monsters, that were driven crazy by the spirits of insanity, will attack the boundaries of the ward. It is literally just attacking ignorantly. You should’ve seen the force of the monsters yesterday.”
They had rushed back and forth and definitely seemed crazy.
Amita glanced at Caitlin and Seira before saying to In-gong,
"The lycanthropes are susceptible to the spirits of insanity because of the wildness in their instincts. I hope you have prepared a method to counter that.”
"We've been preparing."
The group had discussed the specifics last night. Amita looked satisfied at In-gong’s blunt answer.
"When the ward is moderately weakened, the white giant appears in order to destroy it. Did you see the white giant last night?”
"Yes, a white light was shining from its whole body.
"It is made out of all the crazy guardians. The purple aura joins them together.”
The white giant had reached an estimated height of 20 meters. It was much taller than the zombie dragon, so he had been perplexed about how to deal with it.
"The pattern has been kept over a few days, so I think they will be doing the same thing tonight. My plan is clear and simple.”
Amita put some coins made of red metal on the paper. They seemed to represent the enemy’s movement path.
"By deliberately making a hole in the ward, the monsters will be guided there and you will defeat them in order to prevent the ward from weakening.”
Amita laid a blue metal plate in front of the red ones. Then they took out white metal plates and continued talking,
"If the ward isn’t weakened, the white giant won’t be able to destroy it. I have been measuring its destructive power during the last few days. So far, I’ve observed that they can’t maintain the white giant for long. I roughly understand the limits.”
Amita moved the red metal plates and tapped the boundaries of the ward with the white metal plate.
"If the ward isn’t broken by the time it is morning, they will go away and recover during the day. So, if we can endure the same thing for two days, it will be our victory.”
When Amita finished their explanation, Felicia kneeled on the floor so that she was at eye-level with Amita and asked,
"Are you saying that reinforcements will arrive then?”
Two days would be quite fast for the reinforcements that Karma had gone to call. However, Amita shook their head.
"There will be reinforcements, but it is more independent.”
Amita smiled and tapped the center of the paper.
"In the center, where the last flame is, my weapon is charging its power. Once it finishes charging, you can defeat the white giant with that weapon.”
Amita’s voice was louder than usual due to their pride in their weapon. Felicia’s eyes shone as she was interested in what the weapon was, but Carack was different.
"It shouldn’t have to be recharged.”
He wished they could use it right away.
Amita glared at Carack before pounding the ground with their tail.
"It isn’t a type of weapon in which energy can be stored in. Anyway, do you understand the plan?”
“Roughly. We just need to endure for two days?”
Felicia asked again and Amita nodded.
“That’s right. According to my calculations, there will be no need to fight the white giant.”
It was quite ideal. In-gong picked up a few red metal plates and asked,
"Amita, will the opponents follow the path we opened?”
"They will follow. It is a situation where they can’t think properly due to being possessed by the spirits of insanity. Aside from the white giant, those emitting the purple aura won’t be able to do any intelligent actions. So, you don’t have to worry about them."
Amita asserted before turning to Felicia, Caitlin and In-gong with a worried expression.
"The problem is whether you can stop the attacks. They will flock in huge numbers.”
It seemed like huge numbers would be mobilized. Felicia replied to Amita in a confident voice,
"If you have defined a position in advance, won’t we be able to fortify it? That means we can do it. Shutra and Caitlin are strong.”
In fact, Felicia hoped that the two people wouldn’t be in danger, but her trust in both of them was real.
Amita stared at In-gong and Caitlin and nodded.
"Hmm, okay. Then let’s take a break... What is with those eyes?”
Amita’s gaze was directed to Carack and Carack replied in a soft voice,
"Hey, is there really nothing you can do to support?”
"Support in what sense?”
"This is the raccoon’s fortress and we are fighting in that fortress. There should be some equipment for us.”
The meaning in Carack’s words was that this was Amita’s fortress and workshop. There was even a special weapon charging in the center, where the last flame was.
Amita narrowed their eyes.
"Are you talking about the pieces I have already created?”
"Oh, that's right."
Carack clapped like he had just thought about it.
"If you lend them to us during the battle, we will be stronger. Don’t you want us to stop the monsters?”
It was quite reasonable. However, instead of responding to Carack, Amita looked back at In-gong.
“You- Is he really an orc?”
"I am a pure blood orc. I don't have any other lineage.”
In fact, even In-gong suspected Carack’s identity sometimes.
Amita sighed and sat down on their tail.
"Okay, I’ll let you borrow the pieces that I have made. Do realize the honour. It is the first time you are using Amita’s equipment, even if it is just renting.”
"I feel honoured.”
Carack replied with a smile and Amita frowned again.
“It is really amazing.”
Caitlin hugged Amita in admiration. Amita’s face brightened in an instant as they laughed.
"Hmm, hmm. This level is nothing.”
They looked like a cute, genius raccoon, but they might actually be a perverted raccoon. Additionally, they seemed childish.
“Why? Do you want to hug me?”
Felicia shook her head at Amita’s question.
“There is no need. Please show me the equipment that we are borrowing.”
“Okay, get ready.”
Amita jumped from Caitlin’s arms and waved their tail.
&
Night came once again to Spider Forest.
It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that Amita had prepared a small fortress. Rocks and trees were piled to make a passage and there were also stacked wood to make roadblocks.
In-gong and Caitlin stood side by side at the entrance of this passage. Behind them, Carack and Seira were armed with weapons, while Felicia and Delia were at the roadblocks. Daphne, who would act as the party’s support, was located with Amita at the end of the barricade.
Caitlin and Seira were wearing pipes made of woven tree branches. They had been created by Daphne to dispel the spirits of insanity.
As they stood side-by-side, In-gong and Caitlin were holding hands. In-gong was wearing Earth Quaker while Caitlin was wearing a gauntlet made by Amita. However, the quad-core was triggered just like when they had been touching with bare hands.
In-gong and Caitlin, who had been focusing on their aura, woke up at the same time. Instead of looking at each other, they stared towards the front.
The world was glowing orange. Then it turned purple and became dark in a flash.
In-gong and Caitlin slowly took the posture of Divine Sura Authority.
White Eagle flew in the air while Daphne’s spirits energized everyone.
“They’re coming.”
Someone said.
The night started with a loud rumbling sound.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 90 - Chapter 14: The Last Flame #5
A battle with magicians was largely divided into three cases.
The first was an unexpected battle with a magician - in other words, a battle where the magician wasn’t prepared.
The second was a battle with a prepared magician.
The third was a battle with a magician who waited for the enemy within their magical boundaries.
The reason for separating it into three cases was that the difference in the amount of combat power the magician could use was enormous. 
It was just like how warriors were stronger when they prepared before fighting on their home ground.
Magicians who understood this principle and applied it to the world were much greater than those who did not. Moreover, the higher the magician’s level was, the greater the gap would be. In severe cases, there were times when the attack power differed by dozens of times.
Felicia was a competent magician and she had half a day to prepare. Furthermore, this was a limited area, so it was probably the best battlefield she had ever experienced with In-gong.
However, it wasn’t one strong opponent; there were numerous mobs.
Felicia had picked up a magic wand from Amita that could sense magic. As the night started, the power of the spirits were strengthened and illusions surrounded her. However, she had prepared her magic well.
She noticed the world through the magic spells as well as her five senses and opened her eyes, showing her great magical powers to the world!
Kwakwakwang!
Thunder and lightning struck down loudly. The crazy bear at the front was struck by the lightning, burning the bear’s brain in an instant. As the lightning reached toward its next goal, it grew exponentially and fell from the sky, striking nearly 30 beasts and monsters.
Once the monsters in the lead fell down, the others naturally rushed over them. They ran over the corpses of the monsters, but Felicia didn’t allow them to approach either. Following the lightning bolts, gigantic flames stretched out towards the monsters.
The fire didn’t burn the forest easily. Furthermore, the flames were controlled by wind spirits. Instead, the wrath of the flames swept through the monsters and despite being out of their minds, they had a terrible feeling.
However, as Amita had warned, there was an overwhelming number of monsters. Despite the fact that dozens had died in an instant, the seemingly endless procession of red dots on the mini-map never ceased.
The monsters trampled on the corpses and passed through the flames. Additionally, there were those who trampled through the forest and used illusions to create new paths.
However, Felicia didn’t panic. She still had a few magic spells prepared.
Due to the ground being spread widely with Grease, it had become more slippery. The momentum of the monsters was great, so many of them tumbled down. As they fell to the ground in rapid succession, some of them fell on their heads and broke their necks. There were also monsters who were trampled by those behind them.
Moreover, there were additional traps in the earth. Then once again, lightning bolts swept through the monsters.
A few minutes after the battle had begun, more than 100 monsters were screaming in front of the party.
Carack was wide-eyed and could barely suppress his urge to look back, while Seira’s mouth was wide open and Delia had a warm smile on her face.
The 6th Princess, Felicia Doomblade...
She was also a child of the demon king and a strong existence!
Kwakakakakang!
A series of rapid explosions occurred in front of them. They were the result of the last magic trap Felicia had prepared.
"Next!”
Felicia shouted and In-gong and Caitlin formed fists. They rushed towards the approaching monsters.
The massive trail of bodies Felicia had created was now part of the terrain, hindering the monsters’ path and limiting their attack route.
In-gong and Caitlin were blocking their way as well. There was no longer in physical contact with each other, but they still had a connection. The white aura and blue aura stretched out in a thin line like they were holding hands.
In-gong breathed in deeply, then focused his attention on a wolf-like monster running at the front of the mob.
Protagonist Body.
The growing rate of all skills he had learnt was accelerated. 
In-gong was growing during the battle, just as he had grown in every battle he had fought so far.
Up to now, his movements had been the same. Then he gained some new knowledge. He hadn’t known his body had been moving that way until it actually happened.
He didn’t explode his aura; he simply manipulated it.
It wasn’t the same as before. The explosive power of his aura had actually become stronger.
That’s how it was. This was the technique used and it had been created with a simple principle.
[The level of Explosive Power has risen.]
[The level of Lightning has risen.]
[The level of Great Mountain has risen.]
His skill proficiency increased suddenly due to the increase of his technical understanding. This was because gaining enlightenment had the same value as training dozens of times.
In-gong felt pleased, but it wasn’t the kind of joy that came from destroying an enemy.
It was due to experiencing growth. 
He was polishing off his techniques. 
This was the joy of strengthening himself.
In-gong could feel Caitlin’s emotions and that she was also pleased. The two of them shared this joy as their auras moved. Then while moving around, they defended each other’s backs.
It was like a swirl — a style that caught and crushed everything.
As In-gong remembered his clumsy posture when Carack first made him hold a sword, he laughed. Seira, who knew Caitlin’s usual disposition, also had wide eyes from joy and confusion.
Both of In-gong and Caitlin had strengthened noticeably and their team work was comparable to Caitlin’s team work with Chris, who she had been moving together with for a long time. No, maybe it was even more than that.
“Kuraha!”
Carack let out a battle cry suddenly. Seira then looked at him and he laughed as he lifted the axe he had received from Amita. It was a fearsome magic weapon that unleashed a thunderbolt every time he wielded it.
Seira understood what Carack meant; it wasn’t the time to stand there with admiration. She felt humiliated by losing sight of her role as an aide, but she also liked Carack’s trustworthiness. Then in an instant, the blond beauty turned into a fearsome leopard.
Carack, Seira, In-gong and Caitlin went on to deal with the monsters. The process leading from here was difficult and it seemed like the number of monsters weren’t decreasing.
As Daphne used recovery magic and support magic on those fighting, she turned to Amita. Instead of laughing or being filled with admiration, Amita was staring at In-gong and Caitlin with serious eyes. They then whispered in a low voice,
"I want to make it.”
Daphne’s eyes widened while Amita continued to speak,
"I also need to tune it. It isn’t completely suitable for him.”
The equipment from the elder dragons certainly had great performance, but there was a lot of room for improvement as it didn’t fit In-gong completely.
“Amita?”
Daphne called out to Amita with a large grin as she understood the intentions in their small voice.
Amita looked up at the laughing Daphne. They hit the ground with their tail and burst out,
"Well, that is a story for when this is over.”
"Once this is over, I will also expect you to make equipment for me."
Instead of replying, Amita just laughed at Daphne.
Meanwhile, Felicia chanted new magic spells to help In-gong and Caitlin who were fighting.
Some time passed...
In-gong, who was in a battle trance, stopped moving his hands and feet. Yesterday, he had dealt with nearly a hundred monsters, yet his level hadn’t risen.
However, In-gong hadn’t stopped in order to confirm his experience. It was because the endless procession of monsters had finally stopped.
He looked at the mini-map and saw that there were hardly any red dots. Caitlin stopped moving as well and exhaled, while Carack and Seira stretched their arms like they were very tired.
“The white giant is appearing! Come back inside the ward!”
Amita shouted loudly. In-gong and Caitlin hurried into the ward with Carack and Seira following behind them. As soon as the four people came back, Amita closed the hole they had intentionally left in the ward and made it complete.
“Is it over now?”
Felicia asked as she flopped on the ground. It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that her whole body was covered in sweat.
Amita nodded.
"Yes. Now, we just have to wait. There will be some impact when the giant taps on the ward, but it won’t be a problem. Good work, everyone.”
All of them tilted their heads to look up at the sky. Under the green moon, the white giant emerged from the ground.
The giant was right in front of them and before the enormity of the giant, Felicia swallowed her saliva and Daphne felt an instinctive fear.
The giant reached out into the air. A transparent wall was blocking it, so it appeared as though it was miming. 
This was a repeat of yesterday as it hit the air with its palm and fists.
The party blocked their eyes or lowered their posture to prepare for the shock.
However, In-gong didn’t. He saw the blue aura coming from the white light of the giant’s body and cried out,
“It is different from yesterday!”
“Shutra?”
Caitlin asked and In-gong concentrated. Astonishment was heard from behind them.
“The power of Death?”
Amita.
In-gong looked back reflexively and saw Amita staring at the giant with a surprised expression. Daphne shrieked.
Kwang!
There was a roar as the whole warding barrier shook. It seemed to be a test as the giant took a few steps backwards. It stretched out both its hands and aimed at the wall with its palms, shooting out a pillar of blue power that contained the aura of Death!
Kwakakakang!
A violent vibration, that couldn’t be compared to the first time, hit the party. Carack caught Seira, who had lost her balance, and looked at In-gong urgently, but In-gong was staring at the sky. A crack had appeared in the night sky.
However, the sky hadn’t actually cracked; it was the ward that had cracked.
“Amita!”
Felicia shouted hurriedly toward Amita, but Amita didn’t look at her. Amita was visibly perplexed.
Kwang!
A second blast shook the ward. The crack grew bigger and the scattered blue energy turned purple. As the blue light spread against the night sky, it took on a creepy appearance.
The ward was on the verge of breaking and it was questionable how many more attacks it would be able to endure.
"We have to stop it.”
In-gong said out loud reflexively. 
He didn’t know how to deal with a 20-meter-tall giant, but he had to stop it.
He was currently level 24.
His level was lacking, but he just needed a little bit more experience. There may be a solution once he reached level 25.
The white giant activated the blue aura once again. Daphne was still hugging Amita with bemusement while Carack and Caitlin were looking for ways to escape.
Then Caitlin pointed towards the sky.
“That... What is that?”
The presence of the green moon and the white giant had been enough to capture everyone’s eyes, but something remarkable could be seen in the starless night sky.
Something was approaching from between the green moon and the white giant. It was a silver light that grew bigger and bigger.
Instinctively, In-gong took out the Tears of a Dark Elf. The purple jewel had become lighter.
Similar to In-gong, she pulled out her necklace from where it had been buried in her cleavage. The necklace was also purple.
Felicia stood up instantly. The white giant’s third bombardment struck the barrier and In-gong caught Felicia who had been about to fall. Felicia leaned on In-gong and stared at the cracked sky.
“A boat?”
Carack asked. Seira rubbed her eyes, thinking it was a apparition.
Just like Carack had said, it looked like a boat — a gorgeous sailboat with silver sails.
Caitlin blinked. The white giant, who had been preparing for a fourth bombardment, looked at the boat.
Felicia was delighted by the sight. Meanwhile, Delia raised both hands and cheered.
In-gong also recognized it.
It was a ship sailing in the sky. 
The tears of a dark elf...
The captain who was flying through the sky and the sword of a dark elf that pierced through it...!
“Silvan!”
It was Felicia’s twin brother:
The fifth child of the demon king, 5th Prince Silvan Doomblade!
Felicia called out to the sailboat moving across the night sky as it rammed into the heart of the white giant.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 91 - Chapter 14: The Last Flame #6
Simultaneously, many ideas popped into In-gong’s head.
‘How does a ship fly in the sky?’
‘Why did Silvan suddenly appear?’
‘Why did Silvan choose to ram into the giant out of the many means of attack?’
However, the answers also popped into his head.
To dark elves, the sailboat in the sky was a flying ship. In Knight Saga, Silvan, who claimed to be a captain of the skies, was always riding in it.
However, seeing it in a game was completely different from seeing it in reality. Unlike an airplane, the ship was essentially floating on a sky ocean. In-gong was already familiar with the concept of airplanes, so it was a destruction of his common sense.
He couldn’t be sure of the reason why Silvan had appeared.
They didn’t always move together like Chris and Caitlin did, but Silvan and Felicia were very strong together. Moreover, the dark elves’ values regarding family were famous among the demons. In-gong wasn’t sure, but he could only assume that Silvan had come to find Felicia.
Finally, the attack had been a desperate charge.
In-gong couldn’t think of any answers. The scene that followed immediately afterwards made his mind go blank.
The giant’s upper body exploded. To be precise, it shattered around the area that had been hit.
However, In-gong couldn’t cheer as Silvan’s flying ship hadn’t penetrated through the giant’s upper body. The giant’s upper chest had exploded before the ship even touched it.
The giant evaded the attack by splitting up.
The flying ship passed through the giant completely and the flying ship drifted in the air as the fragments of the giant united once more. Felicia’s scream pierced his ears,
“Silvan!”
The giant’s arm struck the rear of the flying ship. The giant hadn’t regained its proper form yet, so the attack was unreliable. However, it was still a strike from a giant. The flying ship lost balance completely and headed down towards the ground.
It reminded In-gong of the crash landings he had seen in movies. The flying ship hit the ground with a violent impact. It then pushed across the ground, cutting down dozens of trees in its path.
Amidst the deafening roar and shaking of the earth, Felicia shouted again while In-gong looked hurriedly at the sky. The white giant was preparing for a fourth bombardment.
In-gong sensed it intuitively.
This was the final blow.
Kwang!
The blue pillar of light struck the ward. Already cracked, the ward could no longer endure the attack. There was the sound of glass cracking and the blue light scattered over the sky and ground.
The ward was now broken. The coolness of the night air covered their bodies and the white giant stared down at the ground.
Kwang!
Once again, there was a roar and the white giant exploded. It wasn’t an attack. Rather, the white giant had reached the limit to maintain its present form.
The white giant split into approximately 20 pieces and landed on the ground. Like white clay lumps, they formed their respective shapes and started to emit a white light.
Whether large or small, they were all different. Not only was the amount of light they emitted different, their strengths and weaknesses were different as well.
"Guardians.”
In-gong said automatically. Every piece was a guardian. As Amita had said, they were guardians that had gone crazy.
The one in the middle had a prominent presence.
Among all the white lights, it alone was emitting a blue light. Unlike the other guardians who took the form of animals, this one was a humanoid with the power of Death.
It was a guardian that was probably controlling the purple-aura monsters around them.
The guardian raised a hand and the proportions of the forest changed. Under the green moon, the illusion surrounding the entire Spider Forest was lifted.
The forest returned to its original size and the nasty magic that paralyzed directional senses also disappeared.
The reason was simple. Now that the goal was right in front of him, the guardian needed to focus all his power on it. Instead of creating obstacles to prevent escape, he concentrated on attacking.
A purple light rose behind the white guardians and approached from one side.
Throughout yesterday and today, none of the crazed beasts and monsters had been shining purple.
It was something that had been saved...
For this very moment.
In-gong swallowed his saliva. Amita’s face was stunned from the impact of the ward breaking. Naturally, everyone’s eyes turned toward In-gong and he took out his dwarf dagger without delay.
“Below the King’s Flag!”
The moment that In-gong shouted, a pure white light emerged behind him. The flag of a king fluttered in the night sky and the blessing of white light surrounded those around him.
Below the King’s Flag wasn’t simply a buff magic that strengthened combat power; it also influenced the mind. It sparked loyalty toward In-gong and, more importantly, helped maintain the coolness and calmness that were important elements in battle.
Amita finally recovered their spirit. Felicia, who had lost her mind for a moment due to worrying about Silvan, also stared at the front.
Caitlin formed a fist. There were also changes among the enemies.
The white guardians had started to unite again. This time, they didn’t change drastically. It was like they were compressed one by one.
The purple aura filled the vacant spots of the white guardians and after a few seconds, the 20 guardians were reduced to two. One still exuded the blue power of Death while the other turned grey as a result of the compression.
“Fe-li-ci-a!”
Then a voice was heard from a distance. There was no need to ask who the voice belonged to as it was clearly Silvan.
“Silvan!”
Felicia called out. The grey guardian ran in the direction of Silvan’s voice while the monsters with the purple aura rushed towards In-gong’s party.
Then Felicia stepped back and chanted a spell. Daphne took Amita into her embrace and ran toward the center of the forest, followed by Seira, Carack and Delia, in order to guard the last flame.
Instead of following them, Caitlin produced a blue aura and In-gong activated his white aura as well. The two of them looked at each other without speaking.
A roar shook in their ears. It seemed like the battle between the grey guardian and Silvan had begun. The dark elf sailors ran over and clashed with the monsters with the purple aura.
Then the blue guardian took a step forward.
Despite the battles taking place everywhere, the area In-gong and Caitlin were in seemed silent.
Instead of stepping forward, In-gong and Caitlin grabbed each other’s hands. In-gong spoke in a calm voice and Caitlin nodded. She believed in In-gong to the depths of her heart.
The blue guardian took another step forward. In-gong and Caitlin let go of each other’s hands, then In-gong opened the mini-map and Caitlin activated her aura once again.
The blue light from the guardian covered the ground. Caitlin pushed against the ground and rushed forward. Despite the guardian possibly being as strong as Gerard, there was no hesitation in her dash.
Then In-gong turned back. Instead of facing the guardian with Caitlin, he ran toward the nearest monster with a purple aura.
Felicia, who had been observing the entire battlefield, was confused by In-gong’s actions, but she didn’t say anything and turned toward Caitlin. It was because, like Caitlin, she believed in In-gong as well. It was obvious that he had an idea.
There were melees everywhere, but In-gong aimed for one monster at a time. He raced toward a monster and aimed for its head and neck. Immediately after the monster was knocked down, he aimed all his senses toward finding his next target.
By the time In-gong defeated three monsters, Caitlin had received exchanged five attacks with the guardian. Caitlin had become stronger after learning Divine Sura Authority and forming the Starlight Core, but the guardian was still an overwhelming opponent. Rather than counterattack, she moved quickly to evade or prevent the attacks.
The blue guardian could feel In-gong’s actions, but he was focused on Caitlin. If the enemy was acting stupidly, he would take advantage of it.
The power of Death flew toward Caitlin’s head like a whip. Caitlin raised her arm hurriedly to block the attack, but the guardian didn’t care. He attacked on the premise that it would be blocked. There was a blast as it hit her arm instead of her head.
Caitlin was pushed back from the force. The guardian immediately aimed for Caitlin’s waist with his left foot, but Caitlin succeeded in defending against it again. However, this time, her posture collapsed as soon as she defended the attack.
Divine Beast Authority used explosive momentum based attacks. From the beginning, it hadn’t been suitable for defense. Divine Sura Authority was based on Divine Beast Authority, so it wasn’t much different.
The guardian used a joint attack. The gap that was created with every blocked attack got bigger and bigger and her defense eventually failed on the seventh attack. She barely managed to twist her body to evade it.
Then finally, there was a perfect gap. The guardian, who had learnt this fighting method from the leader of the purple-aura monsters, felt joy at the gap being created perfectly. Without hesitation, he aimed a blow at that gap.
The guardian’s fist struck Caitlin’s abdomen. Instead of screaming painfully, Caitlin tried to reduce the impact, but it was useless. At this time, the guardian’s left arm flew like a whip and caught Caitlin’s shoulder. Caitlin had nowhere to escape as he then swung at her chest.
With a loud roar, Caitlin’s aura, that was focused for defense, collided with the blue light and she flew backwards.
The guardian strengthened his legs in order to attack Caitlin again, but something caught the guardian’s eye. In-gong, who was covered with the blood of the purple monsters, grabbed Caitlin in mid-air and waved his left arm. White Eagle flew forward from his left arm like an arrow leaving a crossbow.
The guardian crossed his arms for defense, but it was useless. Instead of flying toward the guardian, White Eagle moved to the side and struck a monster nearby. The half-dead monster died from having its head smashed.
‘Why?’
The guardian thought it was crazy and careless. 
The guardian with the blue light had watched the battle yesterday and today. The strongest of the group was In-gong and he had fought rationally.
So, why was he acting like this now?
Why had he let Caitlin fight alone despite knowing she wasn’t a match for the guardian’s?
Why was he obsessed with killing the monsters with a purple aura? Why did he use the previous opportunity to attack the monster instead of the guardian?
Was he too afraid to fight the guardian himself?
Was he putting off fighting until the strong dark elf defeated the other foe?
It was incomprehensible. 
It was natural that the guardian didn’t understand.
Caitlin gasped from where she was held in In-gong’s arms. She wanted to speak, but her voice didn’t come out.
In-gong moved Caitlin to one arm and used recovery magic. Then finally, the conditions were met.
He had dealt with eight monsters while Caitlin had been fighting the guardian.
White Eagle had taken care of another one.
Healing Caitlin also gave him a very small amount of experience.
Additionally, he had killed 220 beasts and monsters in the past two days.
[Your level has risen.]
A white light wound around In-gong’s body and the stamina that had been exhausted by the battle was instantly restored.
However, this wasn’t the reason why. He hadn’t risked Caitlin and become obsessed with leveling up just to recover his stamina.
Level 25:
A level that had a special meaning in Knight Saga.
It was possible to increase the level further and depending on the character, a hidden function was also unlocked.
In-gong hadn’t aimed for the former.
Although he didn’t know what it was, he had full of expectations for a hidden function.
Zephyr and Locke, the two protagonists of Knight Saga, were different from each other, but there were a few things they had in common.
This was one of those things:
Both of them had gained a skill at level 25.
[Super Special Move Control Lv1 has been learnt.]
Zephyr’s sword, Dragon Slayer, had the built-in function, Dragon Strike. 
The Warrior’s Sword, which could be called Locke’s symbol, had the built-in function, 
Warrior’s Sword
.
In-gong had two equipment.
‘Master!’
Green Wind shouted with confusion and jubilation as a series of lights appeared before In-gong.
[Great Enkidu’s Earth Quaker]
[Awakened Move - True Destruction has been learnt.]
[Watcher Ainkel’s White Eagle]
[Awakened Move - Absolute Area has been learnt.]
“Shutra.”
Cailtin muttered in a small voice. In-gong drew Caitlin closer with his right arm and held out his left arm. White Eagle flew toward In-gong as the blue guardian prepared the same move the white giant had done.
White Eagle landed on In-gong’s arm.
The blue guardian sensed the impending crisis and fired a pillar of blue light.
However, In-gong saw it and was prompted by Green Wind to use the awakened move. He declared,
"Absolute Area!"
A green light emerged from White Eagle.



Previous Chapter
 



Next Chapter







Chapter 92 - Chapter 14: The Last Flame #7
In-gong didn’t know exactly what technique Absolute Area was, but he understood it instinctively. Maybe it was because Green Wind, who dwelled in White Eagle, shared it with him unconsciously.
Absolute Area.
The green light from White Eagle became a translucent barrier. In-gong held Caitlin in one arm and used White Eagle with the other. Absolute Area was never intended for defense.
Despite seeing the pillar, that had destroyed Amita’s ward, heading towards them, Caitlin wasn’t afraid. She leaned back in In-gong’s arms and closed her eyes.
Finally, the pillar of blue light reached White Eagle.
It didn’t touch them.
He couldn’t explain it.
There was no roar. Neither was there an impact caused by the collision between White Eagle and the blue light pillar.
The blue pillar literally vanished the moment it touched Absolute Area’s green light barrier.
There was no noise or shock, so In-gong wasn’t conscious of it.
It wasn’t remarkable because it had literally vanished.
The guardian panicked. He put more power into the light pillar, but it was useless.
Absolute Area.
‘Did it mean an absolute area of defense?’
No, it was different; it wasn’t just that. In-gong started thinking
.
The effect wasn’t complete yet.
 The blue pillar, that touched the green barrier, scattered into dozens of pieces and flew into the air. The fragmented blue pillar changed directions and flew toward the guardian like a rain of fire.
The guardian hurriedly withdrew the blue pillar and took a defensive stance. Some of the rays of light hit the ground around him.
Absolute Area.
It meant absolute dominance. Although it was only a small area around White Eagle, it was a space where In-gong could control everything.
It was indeed a super special move contained in the armour of an elder dragon.
However, one fatal weakness also existed.
“Kuheo...”
In-gong wheezed. The consumption of not only his aura but his stamina was severe. Even though the super special move wasn’t limited to a number of uses per day, it was a good idea to only use it a few times a day considering his current stamina and aura. He would surely reach his limit after using it three times.
However, now wasn’t the time to think about this. As White Eagle flew in the air, In-gong drank a stamina potion hurriedly. At the same time, the quad-core was activated to hasten the recovery of his aura.
Caitlin grabbed In-gong’s hand and her other arm wound around In-gong’s waist as she did something unexpected with the Starlight Core.
It was aura transmission.
Caitlin’s blue aura was passed onto In-gong. It was a one-sided bestowal and not an exchange of aura, so his depleted aura was restored quickly.
“Shutra.”
Caitlin called his name briefly, but it was enough. In-gong understood Caitlin’s intentions and nodded. He hugged Caitlin tightly and released her from his arms.
The bombardment of blue light was almost over. In-gong rushed forward and the guardian defended its front with both arms.
White Eagle returned to In-gong’s side. The guardian could move its hands carelessly, but In-gong narrowed the distance in an instant.
At that moment, White Eagle flew in front of In-gong and an amazing thing happened as a green light obstructed the guardian’s vision. The guardian flinched and hurriedly used evasive maneuvers.
The guardian didn’t know what Absolute Area was exactly. It was impossible to distinguish between when Absolute Area was activated and when it wasn’t.
It was just a simple green light. Green Wind gave off a gentle green light.
However, this wasn’t the green light of Absolute Area; it was completely different.
That gap— a decisive gap had occurred because of that!
‘Master!’
Green Wind shouted. In-gong didn’t want to miss the gap that Green Wind had created. So, he used Wind Style to catch up with the guardian.
The explosive power of Divine Beast Authority combined with Wind Style.
As the two were added, Divine Sura Authority had the same effect as magic. To outsiders, it appeared to be a space jump magic.
The guardian was surprised at In-gong who suddenly appeared before his eyes. Additionally, the guardian was already off-balance due to the green light White Eagle emitted.
Obviously, the guardian was strong. When looking at just its martial arts skill level, it was a little lower than In-gong’s and Caitlin’s.
If this was a usual fight, In-gong and Caitlin would be waging a defensive battle.
However, this situation had been created and the human feelings of panic and fear destroyed the guardian’s movements for a short time.
In-gong couldn’t miss out on this opportunity. 
He had to deal the strongest blow possible.
And what was that?
The answer was already determined.
In-gong formed a fist. A red and yellow light gleamed from Earth Quaker’s scales.
Earth Quaker’s built-in, super special move:
True Destruction.
There was a simple constraint in which it could only be used when both feet were touching the ground, but it was a deadly technique.
The trick was like Absolute Area. He consciously activated Super Special Move Control and Earth Quaker unleashed the hidden power with an angry cry!
In-gong reached out a hand.
The guardian felt desperate like he was facing Absolute Area. However, the distance was too close. Moreover, In-gong had used True Destruction which was an unexpected technique.
‘Telekinesis.’
It was just a small force that was enough to move a small teacup or kettle.
However, that moment was enough to interfere with the guardian’s movements. An attack at an unexpected moment was fatal, whether it was be a sharp dagger or a small needle.
Earth Quaker reached the right side of the guardian’s chest. Originally, he had aimed for the guardian’s center, but there was a slight gap due to the guardian’s movements.
There was a shock the moment that Earth Quaker hit. The guardian tried to express his relief, but it was way too early.
True Destruction...
It suited the Great Enkidu who oversaw destruction.
Earth Quaker rotated many times and once it calmed, there was a huge flash. It destroyed and devoured everything at the same time.
The guardian screamed as half of the guardian was now destroyed. Moreover, that wasn’t the end. True Destruction didn’t stop there. It rushed behind the guardian and the red and yellow destruction repeated.
The ground was shattered and the bushes disappeared. There was a huge roar as the ground broke apart and the aftermath spread to other places. It caused a small earthquake that affected a radius of 20 meters.
The surrounding terrain was changed. Everyone’s eyes focused on this area as the earth split apart and crumbled.
It was like a giant dragon had scratched the surface with its claws.
There was huge damage. At the same time, the amount of stamina and aura consumed was also huge.
The guardian with the blue light fell to the ground and in the shocked silence, there was a loud cry.
It wasn’t one of mere suffering; it was a call. The grey guardian, who had been facing Silvan, started to run towards the blue guardian and In-gong.
Someone yelled and the silence collapsed. Silvan grabbed the body of the grey guardian.
In-gong stretched out his right arm on which Earth Quaker was equipped. He then stabilized his breathing and triggered the quad-core again. Through the link between the Moonlight Core and Starlight Core, he squeezed out more of Caitlin’s aura and watched the blue guardian.
Half its body had already disappeared and In-gong could feel the power of Death draining from the blue guardian.
In-gong held out his left hand naturally and used a familiar, yet unfamiliar, technique. He could use Divine Beast Authority, which had transformed into Divine Sura Authority, through communion with Caitlin.
Arang.
“----------------!”
He struck the guardian. It was a cry that couldn’t be called a scream.
The flow of aura was destroyed. The power of the blue light and the power of the guardian started to flow freely through the half of the body that was remaining.
Silvan had caught the grey guardian while In-gong was still looking down at the guardian who was in pain. In-gong could feel violent emotions coming from the energy of Death.
They were similar yet different feelings to what he had felt from Famine.
It was a poisonous and vicious hate.
This wasn’t as intense as Famine. Instead, it was very cold. If Famine’s feelings were a fiery anger, then Death’s feelings were a cold rage.
There was also a strange affection— a chaotic emotion that could be called ‘love’, rather than pure hatred.
In-gong gathered the power of Conquest in his left hand and the white Conquest suppressed the blue Death. He then grabbed and destroyed the power of Death, along with the guardian.
The grey guardian shrieked as Silvan had cornered it. After the demise of the blue guardian, the grey guardian couldn’t fight properly anymore.
It was just like when In-gong had defeated Mustafa or Balkarova. As the blue light, which was the power of Death, disappeared, the monsters lost their purple aura. Almost all of them lost their lives, collapsed or started to escape.
Silvan and the half a dozen people in his crew left to chase them, so In-gong’s fight was now over.
[Your level has risen.]
He had barely just reached level 25 and he had now gained another level. It was nice hearing the woman’s voice after only a few minutes.
Like a blessing, the white light that covered him restored his stamina instantly. However, his aura was still in a depleted state. The mental power consumption was so severe that he could barely hold on.
In-gong sat down and looked behind him. Just like In-gong, Caitlin was also sitting on the ground. Her face was pale since In-gong had squeezed out her aura to the limit.
‘Shutra as well.’
It was too far away, but he was certain he heard a voice.
Caitlin smiled with some resentment at having her aura taken and In-gong laughed back. He moved his lips to mouth the word, ‘sorry’, and Caitlin responded in a similar manner. The message was clear even without sound.
‘Shutra is indeed amazing.’
The two people looked at each other and laughed again, then they fainted together.
‘Master!’
“Shutra! Caitlin!”
"Prince!”
“Royal Princess!”
The rest of the party called out to In-gong and Caitlin. They shouted simultaneously and ran towards In-gong and Caitlin.
Amita didn’t run along with them. Instead, they gazed at In-gong from where they were being held in Daphne’s arms.
The last flame whispered to Amita.
Amita nodded and looked at In-gong one last time before turning around. They smiled without realising it.
&
"Once again, I will introduce myself. I am 5th Prince Silvan Doomblade. As you can see, I’m a prince of heaven who moves across the sky.”
"It is truly shameful... but as you all know, he is my twin brother.”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 93 - Chapter 14: The Last Flame #8
In-gong opened his eyes.
His vision gradually cleared and he saw a ceiling.
‘I am becoming used to this.’
In-gong whispered as he blinked.
It was the first time he had fainted straight after battle. Although, there had been a few times when he had been filled with exhaustion after the battle was over, yet still had to clean everything up. Even when he fought Gerard, he had lost consciousness only when the battle was fully completed.
'I should invest more points in durability and persistence... No, it is an aura problem, so I should raise the level of Aura.’
His mind cleared up and he could now feel the warmth that was right beside him.
In-gong turned his head sideways. As expected, Caitlin was sleeping serenely next to him.
Felicia and Carack knew the effects of the Moonlight Core and Starlight Core, so they were holding hands like they had done at the lycanthrope house.
There was a dark orange light, so he couldn’t see Caitlin’s face clearly, but she was very calm. In-gong’s heart warmed as he gazed at her.
‘Shutra as well.’
Caitlin had said it.
He was sorry for having squeezed out her aura so forcefully, but she looked cute.
‘Relax, relax.’
In-gong took a deep breath and raised his upper body. However, there was someone attacking In-gong’s upper body.
‘Master, you’re awake!’
As expected, it was Green Wind. Green Wind hugged In-gong’s upper body tightly. The weight felt good and he turned to face her, stroking her head with his free left hand.
“Well, well. Yes, yes. Whoa, whoa.”
It felt similar to how he soothed Maybach. Then Green Wind complained,
"Your treatment seems different from usual, but it feels good. Continue, Master.”
It wasn’t possible to see Green Wind’s expression since her head was buried in In-gong’s neck, but he could tell what the expression was.
In-gong laughed and patted Green Wind’s back slowly.
“Yes, yes. Well done. It was clever to trick the guardian with your green light.”
He whispered proper praise into her ears. Then Green Wind raised her body and gazed at In-gong. She said with a big smile,
"Did you only just find that out? Nevertheless, Master is a good master. Praise my wits.”
She then burrowed herself in In-gong’s arms again.
1,000 years of solitude was scary. Or was this perhaps just her natural personality?
In the end, In-gong couldn’t control his laughter as he kept stroking Green Wind’s back. The texture of her long hair felt good.
“Yes, yes. Well, well. Nice, kind.”
It was good that Maybach was at the Demon King’s Palace right now.
In-gong had the mischievous thought as he held the beauty in his arms and looked around the room.
The walls, ceiling and furniture were all gorgeous, but the room itself was quite narrow. In-gong and Caitlin were lying on a slightly large single bed that wasn’t meant for two people.
"Is this a room in Silvan’s flying ship?”
Green Wind raised her body again at In-gong’s words.
"You’re so great, Master. How did you know?”
"I can’t not know.”
In-gong pointed at the opposite wall and Green Wind quickly turned to look. There was a big portrait hanging on the white wall.
The shiny silver hair, healthy brown skin, charming beauty and noble air... 
However, the most noticeable things were the eye patch over the right eye and the plump feathered captain’s hat. 
The subject of the painting was posing in a very strong and uncomfortable posture.
‘It reminds me of Napoleon’s portrait.’
In it, Silvan was wearing tight silk pants.
In-gong looked away from the portrait towards Green Wind again.
“The others?”
"Everybody is sleeping. The fight was only completed a few hours ago. It is now early morning. Felicia wanted to watch over my amazing master, but Felicia was also tired. She decided to rest based on my recommendation.”
There was one strange thing about the story.
“Amazing?”
He guessed it was referring to him, but it was strange.
Green Wind replied with an unconcerned expression,
"Meeting you is amazing, amazing. Moreover, Master seems to feel very good when someone says amazing.”
It was undeniable. Green Wind turned briefly to look at the sleeping Caitlin, then leaned close to him with a bright face.
"Master is amazing.”
Despite it being said informally, its effect was great. In-gong cleared his throat as he felt his heart beating wildly.
"Uhh, I won’t deny it. However, please don’t take Caitlin’s identity.”
"I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
Green Wind laughed and raised her body. As she touched In-gong’s shoulder, she became half-blurred.
"Rest a little more, Master. Morning is still far away.”
“Yes.”
The clock on the mini-map said that it was two in the morning. Like Green Wind had said, morning was still far away.
In-gong lay back down on the bed and closed his eyes. He could feel Caitlin’s warmth through his right hand as he fell deep asleep.
&
"Once again, I will introduce myself. I am 5th Prince Silvan Doomblade. As you can see, I am a prince of heaven who moves across the sky.”
"It is truly shameful... but as you all know, he is my twin brother.”
The next morning...
In-gong and Caitlin washed up with the water Carack brought them and Felicia and Silvan came to visit them.
Silvan glanced at Felicia who looked ashamed and clicked his tongue.
“Felicia, don’t be ashamed. As my sister, you also have my beauty and grace. So, you don't have to be ashamed of that. Stand proudly.”
He didn’t know why she was ashamed, or maybe he was just ignoring reality.
"I’d rather die.”
Felicia covered her red face with a fan and took deep breaths. It seemed like Felicia received Silvan’s share of shame. It was unfortunate that she couldn’t lament it openly.
In-gong closed his mouth as he tried to stop from laughing and Caitlin looked from Felicia to Silvan with curious eyes.
Felicia, who had barely recovered her composure, pointed at In-gong and Caitlin.
"Caitlin and Shutra. Silvan, do you know them?”
"Well, roughly. It has been a long time since I’ve seen them up close.”
Silvan gazed at In-gong and Caitlin. It could almost be seen as a displeased look.
However, Caitlin greeted him with her normal bright face.
"It is nice to meet you, Silvan oppa.”
“Nice to meet you too.”
Unlike Felicia, he talked to Caitlin in a more formal way. It was the same for both In-gong and Caitlin. Compared to Felicia, it was harder for Silvan to act friendly with them.
Silvan’s expression changed after they exchanged greetings. His eyes narrowed as he asked Caitlin,
“How is Chris?”
It was much smoother compared to when Chris mentioned Silvan, but it wasn’t that intimate.
However, Caitlin just smiled.
"He is very healthy. He’s doing well.”
“I- I see.”
Silvan seemed confused by Caitlin’s attitude. Felicia laughed at their conversation and raised a hand to Silvan’s shoulder.
"Silvan suddenly appeared because of me. While staying at the lycanthrope house, I used a long distance communication method and contacted him.”
“Felicia noona?”
"Yes, he told me that he would come see me. I thought it would take a long time because he was quite a distance away, but he arrived sooner than I expected.”
It was the reason she didn’t mention Silvan when they had been worried about reinforcements for Spider Forest. Felicia thought that she wouldn’t be able to meet Silvan until after two weeks.
Silvan pulled Felicia close and stroked her head.
"Felicia was exhausted. I needed to charge over as quickly as possible. So, I flew like the wind to meet my beloved sister.”
She didn’t feel any better despite his sweet voice. Chris loved Caitlin quite a lot, but it seemed like Silvan loved Felicia more. Felicia held back a sigh and said to Caitlin,
“I’m sorry about my brother. His screws are a bit loose, but he isn’t a bad person. He is just a fool.”
Caitlin nodded. In order to change the atmosphere, In-gong spoke to Silvan,
"You were a big help in last night’s battle. Thank you.”
Although the first charge had been impulsive, Silvan’s subsequent activities had been impressive. He had also taken care of everything after In-gong and Caitlin fainted.
Silvan raised an eyebrow at In-gong’s appreciation, then replied with a bitter laugh,
"I did my best, but... you played a more active role. You were amazing. I heard about it, but I honestly never imagined that you would be this great. It’s amazing.”
"Isn't it? Didn’t I tell you? Isn’t our Shutra great?”
Felicia raised her chin as she exclaimed. Caitlin nodded in agreement.
“Shutra is amazing.”
If Chris had been there, he would have asked why the two people were saying it. However, this was Silvan.
Silvan simply shrugged and spoke to Felicia in a sad voice,
“Felicia, this oppa is also great. If I take off this eyepatch...”
“I’m sorry about my brother.”
Felicia quickly cut off Silvan’s words. However, Caitlin was curious.
"Silvan oppa, what will happen if you take off that eyepatch?”
“Ahh.”
Felicia lamented, but it was too late. Silvan laughed happily.
"It is good that you asked. This is a special object that suppresses my strength. If I remove this, my true strength will awaken. However, that power is dangerous, so I usually keep it suppressed.”
“Wah!”
Caitlin let out a sound of admiration and Felicia blushed as she shook her head.
"Caitlin, you should do it moderately.”
“Huh? But it really is great. Very cool, Silvan oppa.”
Silvan felt perplexed by Caitlin’s heartfelt admiration. He then turned to ask In-gong a question,
"That reminds me. Shutra, that technique you used— Chris uses a similar one. Did you learn Beast Authority from the lycanthropes?”
"Yes, I learnt the basics from Chris and Caitlin.”
"Our Shutra is amazing.”
Felicia boasted about In-gong once more and Caitlin nodded again.
"Even the sword duke praised his great talent.”
“Wait, the sword duke?”
Silvan’s expression changed instantly. He gazed at Felicia with a stiff expression.
“Felicia, what does that mean?”
"Uh, well... that...”
Felicia seemed distressed as she avoided his gaze. She knew he would have this type of reaction if the story about the sword duke came out.
Silvan let his gaze linger on Felicia, then turned back to Caitlin. At that very moment, knocking was heard at the door.
"How long do you want me to wait?”
Amita was waiting at the door with a sad expression. Felicia instantly turned toward them.
“Amita.”
“Yes, is there a problem?”
“No.”
Silvan knew that Amita was the sword duke’s friend and retreated with dismay. Amita stared at Silvan for a moment, then stepped towards the group.
"Are you both okay?”
"Thanks for your concern, but I am fine.”
"Me too.”
In-gong spoke first, followed by Caitlin.
Amita pounded on the floor with their tail and said,
"Thanks to you, I was able to defend the last flame yesterday. So, I will make you the equipment as promised, but we have some work to do before that.”
There was something else left?
While everyone had puzzled expressions on their faces, Amita turned toward In-gong.
“9th Prince, the last flame wants to meet you.”
“Huh?”
“Literally. Follow me."
The last flame...
The sacred fire.
Everyone’s faces became shocked.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 94 - Chapter 14: The Last Flame #9
"Uh, is Last Flame the name of a person?”
Carack whispered to the group. Seira, who was walking next to him, responded in a small voice,
"Rather, won’t they be similar to Green Wind?”
That was a likely story. If Green Wind was a person who had the power of the wind, it was possible that the last flame was one with the power of fire.
"Either way, it is intriguing.”
Felicia said with a smile. It was good for her. Encountering unknown knowledge always excited her.
“Amazing.”
Caitlin said in a small voice and Delia nodded. Amita, who was leading the way, suddenly stopped walking. Their long tail pounded against the ground as they shouted,
“I only called 9th Prince, so why are there so many followers?”
Amita’s anger was understandable. It was literally a procession.
Felicia and Caitlin were on either side of In-gong and Silvan was next to Felicia. The aides, Carack, Seira and Delia, followed by Daphne, were behind the princes and princesses,
Amita was angry, but it was more cute than scary, simply because they were a raccoon. Moreover, there was one person in the party who could handle Amita comfortably.
“Amita, I’ll hug you.”
Daphne opened her arms and said to Amita. Amita then turned to Daphne and nodded.
“I won’t refuse.”
They coughed a few times in embarrassment and Daphne hugged Amita with a gentle smile.
The party followed the gentle Amita and went to a small temple nearby. It was a little bit larger than the temple on Enger Plains and was built entirely of wood. It wasn’t made from cut trees, but the trees themselves had tangled together into the shape of a house.
As they passed through the entrance at the tree trunks, there was a large space with a little girl standing in the middle. She was a short-haired girl dressed in a white dress.
“The guardian of Spider Forest.”
In-gong looked at the girl in surprise after hearing Amita’s words. Robin had talked about a big spider, so he had never imagined she would be a little girl.
'It isn’t a body. It is like some type of terminal. Moreover, she seems to be a young guardian based on her appearance. A large spider might have been the guardian in the past, but based on her appearance, the previous mess is understandable. She seems young and weak, without the strength to fight.’
In-gong jumped as he heard Green Wind’s words. ‘A young guardian? There’s even something like this? And the former guardian was a spider. Does that mean a guardian can give birth?’
He was full of questions that he wanted to ask, but the situation wasn’t good.
The girl guardian lifted the hem of her dress slightly and curtsied.
"I am Kafran, the guardian of Spider Forest. Thank you for saving me.”
He wondered where she learned how to curtsy. ‘Did Amita teach her?’
In-gong laughed at the thought of a raccoon teaching her courtesies and called Green Wind.
“Green Wind.”
Green Wind took a solid form next to In-gong. Unlike the party that was accustomed to seeing Green Wind, Kafran made a surprised face when she saw Green Wind.
In-gong turned to Green Wind and said,
"Share your stories. Isn’t this a rare opportunity?”
It was a chance for guardians to talk to each other.
Like In-gong said, it was a rare opportunity. Kafran’s eyes sparkled and Green Wind also seemed excited by the prospect, but that was only for a moment. Green Wind frowned and said hesitantly,
“But I have to follow Master...”
"It doesn’t matter. Only 9th Prince can face the last flame alone.”
Amita said in a stiff voice. However, Kafran seemed pleased.
In-gong stroked Green Wind’s head lightly.
“I will be back.”
"I understand, Master. Come back safely. It would be good if you can buy me a gift.”
Green Wind laughed happily. In-gong chuckled at the words ‘buy me a gift.’
"Who taught you to say that?”
"Carack taught me.”
Everyone’s gazes turned toward Carack who simply had shameless expression on his face.
While they were all laughing, Amita shouted,
"Do you plan to stay here all day? Let's go!"
Green Wind remained with Kafran while Felicia and Caitlin showed interest in their conversation. Silvan, Delia and Seira stayed still while Carack and Daphne, who was carrying Amita, followed In-gong deep into the temple.
They stopped in front of a black door and Amita jumped down from Daphne’s arms.
“It is up to here. Only 9th Prince can enter.”
Daphne was sad since she wanted to see the last flame, but Amita didn’t tolerate anyone other than In-gong.
Carack stepped back with Daphne and grinned at In-gong.
"Enjoy yourself.”
“Yes.”
There was a gentle light inside the door. Small blue lights, reminiscent of fireflies, filled the room that had an approximate radius of two meters.
In the middle of the room, a green fire was burning on a small altar. It was a small flame that was only the size of Amita, but he couldn’t take it lightly. This was a flame that gave off an unusual energy.
Amita jumped on the altar and pointed to the green flame.
“This is the last flame. Put your hand inside it.”
“Huh?”
Put his hand in the fire?
“It’s okay. This isn’t an ordinary flame. Do I have to explain everything like this?”
“I understand.”
In-gong replied to Amita, who had taken out a pipe, and approached the last flame. After taking a deep breath, In-gong put his hands into the fire.
Amita’s words were true. Rather than hot, the flame was warm. He didn’t feel his skin burn.
In-gong slowly moved his hands further into the flame and it grew bigger. Suddenly, the now larger flame swallowed up In-gong’s body.
Instead of screaming, In-gong closed his eyes reflexively and soon found himself standing in a completely different place.
The world was on fire. 
It was a place filled with green fire.
However, rather than the negative representation of hell, In-gong was reminded of something else. It was an awkward expression, but if he had to name it, he would call it the Kingdom of Fire.
The beautiful and mysterious green flames bloomed like flowers and the warmth seemed to be melting In-gong’s heart.
In-gong stabilized his breathing. The flames in front of him parted to the sides and revealed the existence behind them.
It was a woman made of flames. 
She looked like a young girl as well as an unmarried woman. Due to the flickering flames, her appearance seemed to change constantly.
The last flame.
According to legend, it was also the first flame.
She sat down on her throne of fire and looked down at In-gong. As she smiled through her blazing hair, a throne came up behind In-gong and the two thrones neared each other.
"It is nice to meet you, Conquest Knight.”
The last flame spoke. In-gong stared at the last flame with surprise and she laughed at him.
"You are a Conquest Knight with the power of Conquest. I couldn’t help but notice since you used the power in front of my avatar.”
"Avatar...”
"Indeed. Amita is my avatar— a cute and lovable child.”
In-gong gave a small laugh. At the very least, their outward appearance was cute and lovely.
The last flame smiled at In-gong and crossed her legs. She leaned her head against her arm supported by the armrest and said,
"Your eyes are filled with wonder and confusion. Don’t you know what a Conquest Knight is?”
In-gong nodded. It was the first time he could have a conversation about what a Conquest Knight was. This wasn’t the time to be ashamed of his ignorance.
"Yes, I don't know. But I would like to know.”
His desire to know had become stronger after her words. The last flame spoke again,
"How funny.”
The last flame was a queen. She uncrossed her folded legs and straightened her posture. Seeming to gaze into the distance, she recited a poem,
"Conquest, War, Death and Famine - the Four Knights of the Apocalypse.”
Flames rose up around the throne. The green flames started forming shapes: a crown to symbolize Conquest; a sword symbolizing War; a sickle symbolizing Death; and an empty bowl symbolizing Famine.
"They are the riders of the end and the ones longing for the destruction of the world.”
The flames erased the symbols. It was like the symbols had burnt and destroyed themselves.
‘Those who crave destruction.’
‘The ones who would cause the end.’
It seemed to be a natural story; War, death and famine - they were all words with negative connotations.
The last flame leaned back against her throne. She observed In-gong and said,
"However, you are a little bit- no, very different. Why are you a Conquest Knight?”
The last flame stopped talking. Then she stared intensely at In-gong and continued,
"The Knights of the Apocalypse are those who crave destruction. It isn’t because they are Knights of the Apocalypse. They were chosen as knights because they already 
have
 those urges."
The only Knight of the Apocalypse that In-gong had faced directly was Gerard, the Famine Knight.
He was crazy.
He enjoyed destruction and slaughter and even tried to kill his own kin.
"You don’t wish for destruction nor do you enjoy destruction and slaughter. Moreover, you aren’t affected much.”
"Affected?”
He asked reflexively and the last flame laughed. She formed two flames which were connected by a thin line of fire in the air.
"Those who have been selected as a Knight of the Apocalypse — Conquest, War, Death, and Famine - those are the only things that can be expressed. The Knights of the Apocalypse are strongly affected by them. That is how their strength is able to grow. Under that influence, they will try to bring an end to the world. But you are different. You are almost unaffected by Conquest. Conquest also doesn’t want to conquer you. Rather...”
The last flame became hazy as she smiled. Her eyes narrowed and she whispered,
"Maybe she is hoping to be conquered by you.”
The golden-crowned woman with red and blue eyes...
She had never tried to manipulate In-gong and only revealed her appearance and voice when In-gong was in a crisis.
"This is just my guesswork. In fact, this is the first time I’ve encountered a Knight of the Apocalypse. I have said all that I know.”
The last flame laughed and crossed her legs again. Then she spoke with a frowning face that was similar to Felicia’s,
"You don’t wish for destruction, nor do you want to cause the end of all life. What do you want to do? Now that the three knights are pursuing its end, what do you want in this world?”
It was a fundamental question.
What did he want to do?
Go back to his original world?
Of course, he was thinking about returning, but there was one other thing in this world that he wanted to achieve.
He had always been thinking about it.
He wanted to stop the massacre of the lycanthropes...
And prevent the Day of Massacre.
He wanted to change the demon king’s children’s future of being killed by Zephyr. 
He wanted to protect everyone, including Caitlin and Felicia.
All these things could be summarized simply.
He wanted to change the ending... 
And stop the tragic ending of Knight Saga.
He needed to do so. 
That was what he needed to do.
He didn’t think it was the reason he was brought into this world. 
He didn’t consider what Conquest’s dream was. 
In-gong himself wanted to do this.
He would knock down Zephyr and all the Knights of the Apocalypse that were seeking destruction.
It didn’t matter if it coincided with the reason for his summoning or Conquest’s dream.
In-gong’s dream was to change the ending.
"You are not like the Knights of the Apocalypse, but you are a person well suited to be a Conquest Knight.”
The last flame lifted her hand as she said this. Then she formed a fist slowly.
"The Conquest Knight is the king who subjugates all things — he who was born with the fate of a king.”
Punishment, obedience, governance...
Skills, magic, guardians, the heart of an elder dragon...
And it didn’t stop there.
"The simplest and most perfect way to fulfill your desires is to become the demon king.”
The 4th Queen, Elaine Moonlight had asked him if he wanted to do this.
Chris, her son and one of In-gong’s strongest allies, had also asked him.
Now, the last flame as well.
"Lord, will you become the demon king?”
“I will become the demon king.”
In-gong declared.
It was so natural that the last flame was satisfied. She got up from her throne and approached In-gong.
“Conquest Knight, who seeks life and not the end- no, the King of Conquest...”
She laid her lips on In-gong’s forehead; the sacred flame blessed In-gong.
"I pray that your dream will be fulfilled.
[Divine Power Lv1 has been learnt.]
[Incarnation of Fire Lv1 has been learnt.]
[A ‘strong alliance’ has been formed with the last flame.]
[Your level has risen.]
In-gong smiled at the sudden words. Just like the actors that he had sometimes seen in movies, In-gong kissed the back of the last flame’s hand.
And her response to In-gong’s unexpected action?
The last flame laughed and kiss In-gong on the lips, not the forehead.
In-gong’s eyes widened at the sudden kiss and the last flame kept laughing.
The world was burning.
&
In-gong opened his eyes. Instead of the burning throne and the beautiful last flame, the room was filled with blue light.
It had been a short yet long conversation with the last flame.
There were certainly benefits. He had learnt a little bit about the identities of the knights and was able to clarify his purpose.
There was also one more thing.
Amita, who was staring blankly at the last flame, suddenly pounded on the ground with their tail. They jumped up and shouted at In-gong,
“Why? Why did the last flame suddenly ask me to make you a full set?”
Instead of answering, In-gong raised a hand to his lips. The pleasant heat was still lingering there.
"9th Prince! Answer me!”
In-gong looked toward the last flame instead of Amita. It felt like the green fire suddenly smiled.
“Full set... Thank you.”
In-gong said and Amita shook their head. Once again, their tail slammed against the ground angrily.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 95 - Chapter 15: Sign
[Name: Shutra Ignus]
[Age: 14]
[Species: Gandharva]
[Occupation: Protagonist]
[Secondary Occupation: Conquest Knight Lv2/Dragon Humanoid Lv1]
[Uniqueness: Prince/Conquest Knight/Dragon Humanoid]
[Properties: Life/Wind/Fire]
[Level: 27]
Strength:  86
Intelligence: 65
Agility: 65
Talent: 65
Persistence: 65
Durability:  65
Mental Power: 65
Magic Power: 65
Charm: 45
Extra Points: 38
Spider Forest had short days. He could barely feel the seasons as he wandered around the Demon World, but it was a time when winter was approaching.
In-gong examined his body inside one of the various small rooms in the small temple. It was strange seeing it after so long.
‘I feel like I have too many extra points. Should I start investing some of them?’
Thanks to investing additional points in strength, he could suppress Caitlin easily. What if he hadn’t invested more points in strength? Although he was 
family
, he might have missed catching her or might have been overpowered by her.
There were two reasons why In-gong had saved his extra points.
First, it was to prepare for moments when specific stats were especially needed.
An example of this was the incident when he suppressed Caitlin using strength. It was good to raise all his stats as a whole, but it was better to keep some points just to cope with unexpected situations. So, he could invest the points when he needed to.
Secondly, he hadn’t judged what type of stat would be better to invest the points in.
This was the so-called maximum efficiency.
In-gong was growing at a fast pace and just with like Divine Sura Authority, it was common to learn new skills. Therefore, he might regret investing the points in one place.
'Of course, I might also regret it if I save the points.’
The time required to invest the points and increase the stats was at least 10 seconds long.
It was a very short time, but that could be a long time in a battle.
If he died, everything would over. It was necessary for In-gong to increase his basic capacities in order to face strong opponents such as Gerard and the guardian.
‘Let’s invest some and leave a few behind.’
In-gong made up his mind and invested seven points each in agility, talent, persistence and durability.
Agility and talent would strengthen Divine Sura Authority while persistence and durability would increase the number of times he could use it.
Altogether, he used 28 points and had 10 points remaining.
In-gong closed his eyes and focused on his own body. The seven points caused his existing stats to rise by more than 10%. If he concentrated, he could feel the difference.
‘I don’t know about persistence and durability. In fact, my skills as well.’
Still, he could feel the rise in agility. The trajectory of his swinging fist was faster and cleaner than before.
'Maybe I should increase charm.’
In-gong touched his lips involuntarily and laughed. He erased the youthful delusions in his head and activated the skills window.
[The King's Knights Lv2]
Level 25 was a special level, so several skills were automatically increased.
The most notable among them was The King's Knights.
At level two, the number of knights increased from two to four and the performance of Call was enhanced.
[Call: It is possible to summon a knight once every three days.]
The knight captain restriction was lost. He could now call other members besides Carack.
'For now, there is only Karma.’
In-gong wanted to try and call Karma but stopped himself. He didn’t know what Karma was doing and the restriction of once every three days was never light. He couldn’t waste it when he might need Call tomorrow.
‘I should be thinking about who I should add as new members.’
The first name that surfaced in his head was Daphne.
Although it was unclear if she belonged to In-gong or Felicia, she had already helped In-gong several times in battle. Furthermore, her spirits and abilities as a druid were very helpful. It was a talent that he couldn’t miss.
‘I don’t know if I can, but... I want to add Caitlin and Felicia.’
He would be able to use Call on both of them.
Almost half the calls he made to Carack were to escape from a crisis. By adding the two people, it would be easier to protect them, especially Felicia.
‘I will tell them about it later.’
If he really wanted to aim for demon king, he needed to acquire both of them.
‘Let’s check the situation.’
As the level of The King's Knights increased, the enhancement effect on the knights rose. So, that could be used as a material for negotiation.
Next, In-gong checked the battle skills including Divine Sura Authority.
This time he was able to invest his skill points without worry.
Aura and Arang...
He chose to raise Aura, so the amount of aura he had would increase. Additionally, Arang was the only special move that he could invest skill points into.
Even so, it was Arang from Divine Beast Authority, so it used quite a lot of skill points. After raising Aura, the remaining skill points were ambiguous. So, In-gong decided to save them.
‘I should train the smaller skills.’
There was quite a bit of progress.
After he finished checking all his stats and skills, In-gong closed the windows and sat down.
He thought about the story the last flame told him.
The Four Knights of the Apocalypse that would cause the end...
‘Conquest.’
The woman with one red and one blue eye...
She hadn’t make any demands of In-gong. The last flame had said that Conquest was actually hoping to be conquered by In-gong.
In-gong recalled her; he remembered her eyes and voice when she said that he was her only hope.
Those who crave destruction...
And the ones who wanted the end.
He couldn’t believe it.
Was In-gong being deceived? Or did she really want him to be different from War, Death and Famine?
The Death Knight.
He had attacked Green Wind, the guardian of Enger Plains, and Kafran who was the guardian of Spider Forest.
Why was he attacking guardians? Was there some type of connection between attacking the guardians and causing the end of the world?
How would they bring about the end?
If it wasn’t that, what was the Death Knight’s aim?
‘Master.’
In the midst of his worries, In-gong heard Green Wind’s voice. In-gong opened his eyes and saw Green Wind’s smiling face.
"Did you enjoy talking to Kafran?”
Green Wind had been with Kafran ever since he entered the small temple.
Green Wind nodded.
"I enjoyed it. Kafran is a very cute and good child. Rather, I smell something different coming from Master.”
“Huh?”
Instead of answering, Green Wind brought her face close to In-gong chest and arms and started sniffing.
"Is it the smell of another spirit? No, it is a little different. It is different from Kafran. Is this the smell of the last flame?”
She tilted her head before hugging In-gong. This was different from her normal hugs. She rubbed herself against his body without stopping.
“Excuse me, Green Wind?”
"I am covering you with my smell again. I hate that Master smells of other natural spirits.”
With those words, Green Wind rubbed her cheek against In-gong’s shoulder. Rather than being embarrassed, In-gong felt pleased and he laughed.
“Are you jealous right now?”
“Well, I guess.”
Felicia would have denied it with a blushing face, but Green Wind was Green Wind. She moved her face closer to In-gong’s and her long slender fingers touched In-gong’s lips.
"E-excuse me?”
"The strongest trail is over here. I’m going to delete it.”
‘Delete.’ How was she doing to delete it?
Green Wind's face came closer and her breath reached In-gong’s lips. Unlike the heat of the last flame, he felt a cool sensation.
It was at that moment...
"Prince!”
The door opened with a loud sound and In-gong hurried away from Green Wind. He stood up and asked Carack,
"Huh? What's going on?"
In-gong sighed as he asked the question. Maybe Carack truly was a protagonist, or maybe it was just the timing.
‘No, this is the effect of my Protagonist Correction.’
"Prince?"
“No, nothing. I feel both thankful and angry.”
In-gong sat down on the bed again. Carack laughed and approached In-gong.
“Your remark is too exaggerated.”
“What’s going on?”
In-gong asked bluntly and Carack revealed the purpose of his visit.
“The raccoon person is looking for Prince.”
&
"There aren’t enough materials!”
Amita shouted. In-gong had gone to Amita’s room who asked to see the remnants of the black dragon.
"The black dragon’s leather and bones... aren’t good enough?”
"That is the main material! I need a variety of materials to make the equipment! Do you want me to just make shoes with leather?”
In order to create shoes, various materials were needed to fasten the leather together.
In-gong’s Dragon Scale Greaves didn’t only contain the scales of a red dragon but also light and durable unidentified metals.
Carack asked from next to In-gong,
"Huh? Isn’t Raccoon the best blacksmith? But you don’t have any materials?”
Carack stimulated Amita’s pride as they brandished a fist at his question.
"Your group has too many orders! I need to create more than 10 new pieces of equipment! It is the first time in my life that I have to make such a large amount in a short period of time! As the best blacksmith, I need to take the utmost care with each one! This isn’t a factory! There is also a full set! Puoooooh, a full set!”
In-gong imagined Amita sewing busily while sweating furiously and felt like laughing. He said reflexively,
“Thank you.”
Amita covered their face with a hand. They gave a long sigh and said,
"Thanks and if you want to get the right equipment, acquire the materials. Not much is needed since you have so much of the main materials.”
"What kind of materials are needed? Do we need to bring it from the Demon King’s Palace?”
Amita shook their head at Carack’s question.
"if you go a little further north< there is a place called Sun Lake. There... Why are you looking at me like that?”
"Ah, nothing. Continue.”
Sun Lake was the place where the lair of the elder dragon, Violent Kaltein, was supposed to be. It was going to be his last destination before returning to the Demon King’s Palace, but his tasks were now overlapping.
Amita frowned like they were uncertain about In-gong’s answer. They took out a tobacco pipe from somewhere and continued,
"Sun Lake has metal creatures wandering around. They are moderately strong, but they shouldn’t be a problem for you. Hunt a few of them. In addition to those, I will write down the materials that should be collected.”
Amita scribbled on a piece of paper before handing it to Carack. Carack frowned as he read the letters on the piece of paper.
“The letters are too small and are also a little crooked.”
"My hands are small.”
“Understood. I understand you.”
At Carack’s answer, Amita pounded the floor with their tail like they were frustrated.
"Hu, I am going to die. Go. I need to start the work in advance.”
“I understand. Then I will be going.”
In-gong and Carack smiled before leaving Amita’s room.
&
“Shutra— I smell something different coming from Shutra.”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 96 - Chapter 15: Sign #2
In-gong moved to the hall at the entrance to the small temple and brought the group together.
The three children of the demon King, Caitlin, Felicia and Silvan, as well as Seira, Delia, Daphne, Carack and In-gong combined to make up eight people.
“Shutra— I smell something different coming from Shutra.”
When everyone had gathered together, Caitlin suddenly sniffed the air. She closed her eyes to focus on the smell and her nose neared In-gong’s shoulder.
Felicia, who was standing to the right of In-gong, laughed at Caitlin.
"Caitlin, that nose... is it a dog’s nose?”
It was slightly rude, but Caitlin was a werewolf lycanthrope.
In fact, lycanthropes generally had a good sense of smell.
As Caitlin continued to smell him, Felicia also seemed to be interested and moved her face closer to In-gong’s shoulder.
“Hrmm? It smells good. It’s like a fruity smell. Is it a gandharva?”
The gandharva were a species excellent in dancing and singing, so they smelled sweet generally. Just as Caitlin was a mixed werewolf, In-gong was also a mixed gandharva. So, it was natural for him to show the characteristics of a gandharva.
In-gong made a strange expression and tried to maintain a steady posture as the two beautiful females continued to smell him.
Silvan looked at him with envy and poked Felicia’s back.
"Felicia, doesn’t Oppa smell good as well?”
"It is too much. Sprinkle less perfume.”
Felicia replied without looking back and Silvan crumbled. She then continued speaking without even moving her head,
"Caitlin seems to be correct? I feel like I smell something different than usual as well.”
Her voice was filled with confidence. Just then, a new voice was heard from behind In-gong.
"Didn’t I erase it?”
It was Green Wind. She took a solid form and rubbed against In-gong.
“Green Wind? Erase what?”
After hearing Felicia’s question, Caitlin stopped sniffing him as well and lifted her head.
On the other hand, Carack interrupted them just as In-gong felt the mood turn strange again.
"Wake up, Prince.”
Carack laughed as he raised the fallen Silvan with his big hands.
"I am Prince’s aide. I can’t afford to let Prince look like that.”
Carack glanced at In-gong who was situated between the two beauties and nodded.
In-gong shouted loudly and organized the situation,
"Well, let’s prepare to start heading towards Sun Lake now. As I said earlier, the first reason is to gather materials for Amita to use. The second reason, everybody should know it already?”
Green Wind stepped back upon In-gong’s order and Caitlin and Felicia also increased the distance.
Fortunately, Felicia followed In-gong’s change in topic.
“It is good. Weren’t there materials in the archive room of Thunderdoom Fortress? In the first place, I had already reported that I was going to make a survey map of Sun Lake.”
She couldn’t make a false report to the Demon King’s Palace, so it was good that they would be able to solve the problem.
"The ruins under the lake... I am really looking forward to it.”
Caitlin had a dreamy expression on her face.
Carack asked,
"But what about Karma? She will come back with assistance in a few days. Is it okay to leave the response to the raccoon?”
Two people had gone to call for support. They had already contacted Robin with no problem using the telecommunication machine on Silvan’s flying ship. However, Karma was already moving to Spider Forest with the rangers, so it was a problem.
He knew her feet were very fast, but she had actually come back in three days. It seemed like she had worked very hard.
They needed someone to stay behind and explain the situation to Karma and the lycanthrope rangers.
It would be fortunate if Amita could fulfill that role, but like Carack said, there were some doubts.
"It is a little too much."
Felicia came to a conclusion and glanced at Silvan.
"Silvan, can you leave a few crew members behind? We need to tell our party the situation as well as protect Spider Forest.”
"Hmm, the hardest thing to prevent is a sudden raid after everything is over. I will leave a squad behind with Sepira.”
Silvan struck his chest with his fist and struck a pose after talking. Then Carack opened his mouth,
"Is Sepira the deputy captain? The woman with purple hair?”
"Yes, she is Oppa’s aide. By the way, you’ve only seen her once and yet you remembered her?”
Seira’s, Delia’s and Daphne’s eyes sharpened at Felicia’s question.
Carack answered with an unconcerned look,
"Personnel identification is essential. It is important to remember any new faces. Doesn’t it increase the risk if you don’t know all the faces? Spies can mix in. It is better to remember faces than names.”
It seemed like he had remembered the faces and features of Silvan’s crew members.
Silvan watched Carack with a bemused expression and asked Felicia,
"Felicia, is that really an orc?”
"I’ve always wondered that. I want to investigate it just once.”
They didn’t know if Felicia’s words were a joke or a genuine answer, so Delia said with a smile,
"Carack is very competent. He has the sense of an aide.”
“Really amazing.”
Seira expressed herself in a manner similar to Caitlin. Daphne didn’t stay still either.
"Dependable. He’s a really dependable guy.”
Silvan gazed at Carack in a manner similar to when he looked at In-gong. Carack just laughed and scratched his head.
“I have to take responsibility as an aide.”
Delia’s, Seira’s and Daphne’s expressions became warmer. In-gong just laughed and Felicia summed up the situation again.
"The story has finished, so shall we start straight away? Silvan, please.”
Silvan nodded immediately when Felicia asked him.
"Leave it to Oppa.”
He left the small temple and gathered his crew. Felicia laughed as she watched Silvan and the crew move as fast as lightning.
"Oppa is easy to handle.”
In-gong pretended to be deaf as he left the small temple with Carack. Silvan’s flying ship, the Black Flame Dragon, was preparing its anchor for departure.
Then after 20 minutes...
"Black Flame Dragon ho! Start!"
“Start!"
“Start!"
Silva drew his sword and shouted. All the crew members shouted along as well. The sails spread out widely while the magic power engine was activated and the flying ship started to move upwards.
"Good wind! Fly with the wind, Black Flame Dragon ho!”
“Fly!”
“Fly!”
The crew members blushed while Sepira and the squad on the ground felt like they were lucky.
"How shameful.”
Felicia muttered as though she represented the hearts of all the crew members.
&
The Black Flame Dragon, the flagship of Silvan Doomblade, was one of the dark elves’ sacred ships.
Its original name was Black Ark.
The dark elf society was centered on females, so a woman was to take over the family. In the Doomblade family, the best daughter inherited the clan while the best son was given the Black Ark. This had been going on for generations.
The son of a son wasn’t a member of the Doomblade family; this meant the family line was followed through the mother’s line. So, the Black Ark was to return to the Doomblade family again.
Silvan had inherited the Black Ark from Lionel Doomblade, the older brother of 3rd Queen Sylvia Doomblade.
In other words, it had been less than a year since Silvan had inherited the flying ship.
Just like with a novice driver, there were some problems during the flight but it was safe on the Black Flame Dragon. A trip that would have originally taken a few days took only a few hours.
In-gong tied his waist with a safety strap and went to the railing. The altitude was at approximately 200 meters, so it was windy, but there were no problems looking out.
Sun Lake...
It was a place that In-gong had visited quite a few times in Knight Saga.
The metal monsters Amita wanted them to catch were called caltos. They had natural waterproofing, so they could survive in the water despite their metal bodies.
Equipment made from the caltos’ metal was automatically waterproof, so it was indeed usable as a material if handled properly.
‘I caught a lot in Knight Saga.’
Thanks to that, he remembered their weaknesses clearly. They were moderately strong, but In-gong was confident that he could deal with a few of them on his own.
‘Divine power.’
It was one of the four powers that existed in Knight Saga: Aura; psychic power; magic power; and divine power.
At the same time, it was also the weakness of the caltos.
Thanks to the alliance with the last flame, In-gong had gained divine power.
'Magic power and divine power are hard to use together.’
They didn’t mix well.
Just like there were several gods in the Human World, the Demon World had several varieties of demonic gods.
Flora, who managed In-gong’s mansion at the Demon King’s Palace, was a devout follower of Camilla who was the goddess of dreams and shadows.
Nevertheless, the reason why Zephyr didn’t use divine power was because it caused a dissonance with his magic power.
‘But I’m different.’
In-gong glanced at the divine power in his right hand with interest. There was a gentle green light that reminded him of the last flame.
In-gong added magic power to it. Just like aura, the white magic power started to mix with the green light.
Protagonist Body.
It created a harmony between Enkidu and Ainkel’s powers, which were exact opposites.
What synergy effect would be caused if divine power and magic power were harmonized? If he mixed aura and magic power, there would be three combinations of aura, magic power and divine power.
In-gong breathed deeply and turned his attention to somewhere else. A gigantic, golden lake glowed beneath the red and yellow sky.
It glowed gold during both day and night, so it was called Sun Lake.
The metal monsters were the only ones that they would meet at the lake.
However, there was a monster called the gatekeeper of Sun Lake. 
It was a type of boss monster.
‘It is about time for it to show up.’
As the lake glowed under the twilight sky, a head poked out of the lake.
Today was In-gong’s day. He had always denied it, but today was different.
Would the attempt work?
“Sea serpent? In the lake?”
The crew member at the front gasped with astonishment while In-gong formed fists.
The emergency bell rang in In-gong’s ears as all the crew rushed to the deck in a combat stance.
"Sea serpent?”
Silvan stared at the lake with a serious expression. The sea serpent was staring at the Black Flame Dragon like it was nervous.
A sea serpent...
It was a sea dragon that lived in the sea.
The length of the sea serpent was dozens of meters long and it was known as a powerful monster.
The sea serpent was the guardian protecting the entrance to Sun Lake. It was a very strong monster and tricky for humans to deal with since its home ground was the lake.
However, today was different.
"Incarnation of Fire.”
He used a skill given by the last flame.
At that moment, green flames appeared on the Dragon Scale Greaves. In-gong then equipped Earth Quaker and White Eagle and loosened the safety strap around his waist.
“Shutra?”
Silvan stared at In-gong while Felicia covered her face with a fan. Instead of being astonished like Silvan, she simply looked at In-gong with a relaxed expression.
"Are you going?”
"I’m going. We need to investigate under the lake.”
In-gong replied with a laugh while Silvan still seemed like he didn’t know what was going on. Carack was grinning widely as In-gong stretched out his hand into the air.
"Ascalon."
A masterpiece of the Dragon Slayer series.
It was the enemy of dragons and the weapon that had taken down the Black Dragon Partizan in Thunderdoom Fortress.
Earth Quaker and Ascalon were now combined. In-gong held the white lance and looked at Caitlin.
“Noona, sorry.”
Caitlin tilted her head at his words and In-gong really felt apologetic.
He didn’t want to do it, but it was the easiest way to finish things in one shot. He had to mobilize everything he could.
Dragon Blood...
The power of a dragon humanoid.
Earth Quaker roared and In-gong’s aura burst out like it had exploded. At the same time, Ascalon reacted to the dragon power and started to affect In-gong.
He had barely endured it in Thunderdoom Fortress, but this time was different.
He had the Moonlight Core and Starlight Core.
In-gong squeezed out Caitlin’s aura like he had done during the battle against the guardian. The power heading toward In-gong was cut off with the augmented aura.
Caitlin was startled by the sudden loss of aura, but it was only for a brief moment. Her lips twisted and she said quietly,
“Shutra is too much.”
Why did her voice sound so cute when it was filled with resentment? Moreover, Caitlin was smiling as she said it.
In-gong concentrated the white and blue aura on Ascalon. The power of a dragon humanoid and the green divine flames came together as well.
In-gong turned away from Silvan, who was still staring blankly, and climbed onto the railing.
“I will be going.”
"Go safely.”
The moment that Carack answered, In-gong jumped down. He charged the lance while falling toward the sea serpent.
&
[Title: ‘Killed a Dragon in One Shot’ has been acquired.]



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 97 - Chapter 15: Sign #3
The eyes of everyone on the Black Flame Dragon’s deck widened in surprised. Among the crew members, there were those who cried out in shock and admiration.
The 9th Prince had jumped from the deck and the lake exploded.
Water droplets rose up high into the sky and glowed a beautiful red and yellow. As the large mass of water returned to where it was supposed to be, the body of the sea serpent smashed into the lake.
One hit.
Most of the crew members hadn’t witnessed the moment of attack, but they understood instinctively.
It was a fight that had ended in one shot. 9th Prince had taken care of the sea serpent, known as the dragon of the sea, with one blow.
‘How on earth...?’
The crew swallowed their saliva and looked at each other. A few of them looked at Silvan, their captain, and the strongest one on the ship. However, Silvan wasn’t much different and was also looking down with a lost expression.
Silvan had strengthened his eyesight with aura and was able to see In-gong through the remains of the sea serpent.
In-gong was standing on White Eagle, not in the water.
He waved to Silvan who waved back reflexively. Then Silvan glanced at Felicia and Caitlin standing next to him. It was a useless reasoning, but it seemed like In-gong wasn’t waving to Silvan but to Felicia and Caitlin.
“How?”
Silvan asked Felicia with a large wave of his hand. He didn’t know what else to say.
Felicia smiled widely at Silvan. She also seemed quite surprised by the attack as there was some confusion on her face.
However, she wasn’t like Silvan and the crew members. She opened her eyes wide and replied,
“Didn’t I tell you? Our Shutra is great. He can remove a sea snake in one shot.”
If Chris was there, he would have questioned it. However, the person here was not Chris but Caitlin.
"That's right, Shutra is amazing.”
Caitlin nodded in agreement. The two of them boasted proudly.
Silvan felt dizzy and headed down to below the deck. He ordered the crew to lower the Black Flame Dragon.
&
‘Master, are you okay?’
Green Wind’s worried voice was heard in In-gong’s ears. In-gong then glanced at Earth Quaker and Ascalon in his right hand and nodded. It wasn’t obvious from a distance, but In-gong’s face was pale.
“I’m fine. It’s just that my arms are hurting.”
His arms would have been shattered if he hadn’t reinforced them with aura. He had used an incredibly powerful attack, so the burden on his arms were enormous.
In-gong stored Earth Quaker and Ascalon in the inventory. He looked up at the sky and saw the Black Flame Dragon descending slowly.
'Master, I’m sorry that White Eagle is so narrow. It might be difficult, but you should stay standing until the ship comes down.’
"No, Green Wind did really well. It is thanks to Green Wind blowing the wind properly that I was able to hit it in one shot. Good job.”
In-gong said with a laugh and Green Wind appeared in a semi-solid form in the air. She looked down at White Eagle with a restless face, but it was cramped even with just In-gong on there. Two people might be able to stand if they stuck together, but In-gong could lose his balance and it would be difficult to achieve.
'Uhh, I want to be stroked and praised, but I’ll have to wait until we return to land. When we return, don’t forget to give me praise. I’ll save it for now.’
Green Wind declared with a serious expression and In-gong laughed.
“Yes, yes.”
Sadly for Green Wind, In-gong could only stroke her head moderately before looking at the sea serpent’s body floating on the lake.
The sea serpent was an enormous monster that was dozens of metres in length. It wasn’t as smart as a dragon, but the sea serpent was clever enough to use a few psychic and magic powers instinctively.
In Knight Saga, he had faced considerable trouble when dealing with the sea serpent.
Yet he had just taken care of the serpent in one shot.
'Dragon’s Bane.’
It was the name of Ascalon’s super special built-in move.
‘Super Special Move Control’ was a skill that allowed him to use the super special moves built into each equipment.
Earth Quaker and White Eagle weren’t the only ones among In-gong’s equipment with a super special move. Ascalon, the best weapon in Thunderdoom Fortress, also had a super special move.
'A super special move designed for big monsters and dragons... Indeed, as expected of Ascalon.’
As the name suggested, Dragon’s Bane was a super special move designed to bring ruin to a dragon. As the appearance of Ascalon suggested, Dragon’s Bane was a technique expressed through charging up the lance and was perfect for a one-hit attack.
‘I can’t look back when charging the lance.’
It needed a courageous rush to pierce through the target. This was a technique that caused his blood to boil.
‘A combination with White Eagle?’
As he had White Eagle, he jumped at an altitude of 200 meters. At the same time as he fell, he boarded White Eagle and charged the lance while riding White Eagle like a surfboard.
‘I’m glad that Green Wind can steer with the wind.’
She was able to properly control the course of White Eagle. Moreover, Green Wind controlled the wind as well. So, In-gong could just focus on the attack.
In-gong exhaled. Thanks to Catilin’s aura, he was able to suppress Ascalon to a certain extent. However, it still had an effect.
Dragon Blood consumed enormous amounts of aura and he used divine power as well, so he was exhausted. If he hadn’t levelled up after killing the sea serpent, his legs would have probably lost their strength.
‘My only regret is the monstrous size.’
Ascalon was too large to use against people. If the opponent was Gerard or the guardian, they could avoid the charging lance easily.
'Well, there are some measures against people.’
He had Gigantic Piston, Arang, Earth Quaker and the super special move, True Destruction.
‘I am anticipating the third equipment.’
The elder dragon, Violent Kaltein...
What type of equipment would it be? What super special move would be embedded in it?
“Shutra!”
Felicia’s call came from near him. In-gong launched White Eagle toward the Black Flame Dragon that was resting on the surface of the lake.
&
It wasn’t the applause of the soldiers, Felicia’s admiration or Carack’s easy praise that was waiting for In-gong on the deck.
“Shutra is too much.”
Caitlin said with a serious face as she crossed her arms. Her tone was still cute, but In-gong made a serious expression.
“Sorry.”
"I’m not an aura supply for Shutra.”
"I know. I’m really sorry.”
He had taken her aura without seeking prior consent. Especially since this time, he had no excuses because he had simply wanted to see Caitlin’s reaction.
In-gong apologized again and Caitlin finally shrugged. She continued speaking with a big smile,
"From now on, make sure you tell me in advance before taking my aura.”
“So, it is okay to ask and then take it?”
"It is okay as long as you tell me in advance.”
Caitlin’s gentle voice and appearance was enough to call her a saint. However, In-gong didn’t stop there.
"What if there is an emergency?”
Just like when they fought the guardian, there would be situations when they wouldn’t be able to speak.
Caitlin frowned at In-gong’s question.
"If there is an emergency, you can just take it.”
“I understand, Noona. I’ll do that.”
Caitlin felt strange as In-gong laughed loudly. Seira tapped on Caitlin’s shoulder and said gently,
"Princess is too soft on 9th Prince.”
"Yes, you play well together.”
Felicia clicked her tongue and immediately switched the topic.
"By the way, you did a big thing. Even if you do have Ascalon, taking out a sea serpent in one shot... I was surprised. Aren’t you much stronger than Silvan or Chris?”
When In-gong rushed toward the sea serpent, it had been like a meteor falling down from the sky. The sight of the lake water rising up dozens of meters was spectacular but required tremendous physical power.
Silvan flinched at Felicia’s direct comparison and spoke while touching his right eye,
“Um, if I take this eyepatch off...”
His voice was small and had no strength. Then In-gong spoke, comforting Silvan unknowingly.
"As Noona said, the sea serpent is a dragon. Moreover, the technique from Ascalon itself is very large... and strength isn’t just about one hit, is it? I still have a long way to go to reach Silvan hyung’s and Chris hyung’s levels. Isn’t that right, Silvan hyung?”
His tone was calm and comforting.
Silvan hesitated for a moment before nodding.
"Uhh, yes. Shutra is great.”
Felicia laughed at the awkward compliment.
At that moment, Carack interrupted the conversation and saved Silvan.
"By the way, what are we going to do with the body of the sea serpent? Should we take it to the raccoon as well?”
Among the dragons, the sea serpents were a fairly strong species.
Although sea serpents weren’t as good as dragons, it was clear that both the scales and bones of sea serpents were advanced materials.
"It is great, but its large size... Silvan hyung, will it be possible to transport it using the Black Flame Dragon?”
Silvan’s shoulders lifted up at In-gong’s question and he replied in a voice filled with pride,
“That isn’t a problem. The output of the Black Flame Dragon is great. It is possible to carry far greater monsters than that.”
“Then we should move it to dry land. Otherwise, various creatures will flock toward the body of the sea serpent.”
Once a mighty beast died, the prey would gather for the meat.
Fish and other minor underwater creatures had already gathered there.
Felicia asked,
"Shouldn’t we prepare for the caltos? We came here for that purpose.”
Although they weren’t as great as the sea serpent, the caltos were strong as well. Their entire bodies were made of solid metal, so they were difficult to deal with.
"Uhh, I hope we don’t feel the purple aura from the caltos.”
Carack spoke in a small and anxious voice. In-gong turned toward Carack and said,
"Don’t say those words.”
"I really hope it doesn’t happen.”
Carack spoke with a serious expression and fortunately, his wish came true.
&
"Starting right now, I will explain the caltos strategy.”
As the Black Flame Dragon headed to the shore of the lake, In-gong started an impromptu lecture. His students were Felicia, Caitlin, Silvan and the other combatants.
"The caltos are made of metal, but their entire bodies aren’t metal — only the surfaces of their bodies are made of metal. Just like any other lifeform, their insides are made up of flesh and blood.”
The caltos were monsters with the bodies of lions and the heads of crocodiles. Their entire bodies were covered with green metal scales that edged close to black.
In-gong picked up a knife and pointed at the drawing of a caltos that Delia had done.
"It is resistant to both physical and magic attacks, so the most effective way is to attack the insides. The caltos’ big mouth is its best weapon as well as its weakness.”
"So, we attack when it opens its mouth?”
Felicia raised her hand and asked a question. In-gong nodded straight away.
"Yes, the caltos have a habit of biting. We will take advantage of that.”
Felicia’s expression changed subtly at In-gong’s answer because it was a difficult strategy.
In-gong smiled at her reaction and continued explaining,
"The next thing that works well is ice magic. The caltos are very weak in the cold, so their movements will become extremely slow. In other words, we will slow down their movements with ice magic and then aim for their mouths.”
Felicia nodded as she finally understood the strategy.
"Then that means I will play an active role.”
In the party, Felicia was the most capable one with regards to ice magic. However, at that moment, Silvan shook his head.
"Hmm, this is an interesting strategy, but I have a more effective and efficient approach.”
Silvan suddenly pulled out his sword and a dark aura flowed all around it. A blade of sharp aura molded around the sword.
It was an aura blade that could cut anything.
Clearly, this was an area that Silvan was an expert in.
"My aura blade can cut through metal. Their hard shells won’t interfere at all.”
It made a lot of sense. Silvan’s aura blade could cut through the caltos’ shells easily.
Felicia joined her hands together and made a sound like she was in awe,
“You’re really awesome, Oppa.”
Silvan’s title was changed to oppa, but Silvan felt a sense of discomfort instead of gladness.
Felicia continued speaking,
"Then we will leave the caltos hunting to Oppa. I will cheer you on as you make these great actions.”
It was awkward and an obvious lie, but Silvan was convinced. Silvan tapped his chest with a bright smile.
"Leave it to Oppa, Felicia.”
"Yes, please. I believe in Oppa.”
"Okay, then I’ll be going now. Caltos, be prepared!”
Silvan shouted loudly and jumped from the deck. With his cloak streaming behind him as he ran, it was a truly imposing scene.
Felicia gazed at Silvan for a moment before turning back to everyone else.
"Now, we can have dinner and rest. We need to be in the best condition to enter the lake tomorrow.”
It had gone as she had expected.
Caitlin blinked with a confused expression and Felicia wrapped an arm around her shoulder.
"Caitlin, Oppa is going to deal with this. Okay?"
Caitlin’s eyes just widened with shock.
Carack clicked his tongue.
"Ah, poor 5th Prince."
“Well, he looks good.”
In-gong watched Silvan for a moment before shrugging and turning his interest away.
He had been worried about meeting Silvan but that worry had disappeared.
'Felicia handles him well.’
In-gong laughed and turned towards Sun Lake. The golden glow from the surface of the lake was spreading through the darkness.
&
Author's Note: This is the announcement of the results for the popularity contest. 
Here are the votes:
1 vote: 
Earth Quaker/Karma/Amazing/Great/Vision/Famine/Mustafa/Level-up Voice/Orc Soldier/Black Flame Dragon/Baikal Ragnaros
2 votes: 
Maybach/Daphne/Zombie Dragon/Isabella/4th Queen Elaine Moonlight
3 votes: 
Warrior Locke/White Eagle/Villager A
4 votes: 
General Vandal/The Last Flame
5 votes: 
Enkidu
6 votes: 
Conquest
10 votes: 
5th Prince Silvan Doomblade
12 votes: 
Chris Moonlight/Zephyr Ragnaros
16 votes: 
Demon King Mitra
25 votes: 
Sword Duke Ishgard
27 votes: 
Amita Ignasia
5th Place
135 Votes
Felicia Doomblade
4th Place
183 Votes
Joo In-gong (Shutra)
3rd Place
365 Votes
Green Wind
2nd Place
405 Votes
Carack
1st Place
449 Votes
Caitlin
The contest between Carack and Green Wind was quite close through the counting.
Unexpectedly (?), In-gong received a pretty high ranking  :D



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 98 - Chapter 15: Sign #4
Silvan worked really hard. He struggled until late at night and caught 19 caltos which was about twice of Amita’s requirements.
Felicia rewarded Silvan by kissing his cheeks and his shoulders expressed his happiness. It was a happy night for everyone.
The next morning...
Silvan ordered the crew members to collect small materials while the ruins exploration began.
"There are three major ways to explore underwater ruins. One is to split the water while the other two ways involve entering the water.”
In a world where magic existed, mysterious and radical methods could be used. Felicia folded down one of her fingers and explained further,
"However, the first method is hardly ever used. The amount of magic power needed is too much and if it goes wrong, it can destroy the environment. Due to this, I mainly use the other two methods.”
As Felicia explained, Delia handed out a magic tool that looked like a bar split in two.
"It is a tool that allows you to breathe in water if you put the middle part in your mouth. It consumes magic power constantly but if you have the magic power, it can be used forever. I have prepared it just in case.”
It was a familiar yet unfamiliar tool for In-gong. It was used for support in Knight Saga, but this was the first time he had actually used it.
"Then does that mean we are going to use another way?”
"Too sharp. That's right. We’ll use the third method. I am a specialist in ruins exploration after all.”
Felicia teased in reply to Carack’s question and chanted a spell. Every time she pointed at a party member, a large air bubble formed.
“Wah.”
Caitlin’s eyes shone as she looked at the air bubble around her. She touched the air bubble carefully like she was afraid it would pop, but it didn’t burst that easily.
Felicia, who had gained verification due to Caitlin’s little experiment, grinned at the air bubbles and continued to explain,
"Put the magic tool in your mouth just in case something happens. If you go inside, make sure to follow my lead. Got it?"
"Understood, Unni.”
Caitlin responded by putting the magic tool in her mouth. The rest of the group nodded and Felicia, who then confirmed everyone’s condition, started to move.
Felicia was used to exploring dungeons with a small group of elites.
The party included In-gong, Carack, Felicia, Delia, Caitlin, Seira, Silvan and Daphne, totalling eight people.
While the surface was golden, the water was quite dark. Felicia couldn’t see that far, so she chose a gentle light instead of a bright one in order to avoid provoking the creatures in the lake.
'I have to look closely.’
It was a lake where a huge monster like the sea serpent had lived. It was clear that not only small and beautiful fish but also various aquatic monsters would live here. It was psychologically quite burdensome to face a group of monsters in the water when they couldn’t move freely; this was the so-called phobia of the deep sea.
In-gong focused on the mini-map instead of the darkness to see if any underwater creatures would pop out. The mini-map was especially useful in an environment like this where not all of In-gong’s senses could be used.
‘Okay, this looks like the entrance.’
After finding the entrance, In-gong signalled to Felicia and started to lead the way. He had found a path in the water and, except for Silvan, the group followed In-gong without questioning it.
The entrance to the ruins that In-gong found was in between a large pile of rocks. Curiously enough, there was no water inside like it was blocked somewhere. There seemed to be enough air inside as though there was ventilation somewhere.
“Indeed, Shutra.”
Felicia released the air bubbles and made a sound of admiration. She had experienced In-gong’s guidance abilities several times. However, this was underwater and not on land, so it was natural that she was surprised.
"I will take the lead from now on. Felicia, give me directions.”
Silvan drew his sword and stepped forward. If it was just about combat power, it would be convincing since Silvan was the strongest in the group.
However, Felicia shook her head.
"Shutra is the best in this area. Shutra and Carack will be at the front while Oppa will protect us from the rear. I will be in the middle with Daphne and Delia. Caitlin and Seira will be behind us.”
Silvan seemed somewhat uncomfortable, but the rest of the party nodded like it was natural. So, Silvan didn’t object and moved to the back of the party.
After arranging the formation, the party started exploring the ruins. As it had been recorded in Thunderdoom Fortress, this was Violent Kaltein’s lair, so the space was big.
The party moved slowly around the ruins without any haste.
He couldn’t confirm when they were from but there were signs of fighting everywhere.
There were places where the ruin had collapsed and the bones of the invaders and dungeon guardians were scattered all over.
Unlike Thunderdoom Fortress, there were no remaining dungeon guardians or traps.
Felicia frowned as she investigated the signs of magic power remaining in the ruins.
“This ruin... It seems like the function has been lost for at least a thousand years. It is much more serious than Thunderdoom Fortress that had only been abandoned for hundreds of years.”
‘A thousand years.’
In-gong was reminded of Ainkel who he had seen at Enger Plains. She was also killed a thousand years ago.
The Great Enkid had left his lair for some unknown place, but what about the Violent Kaltein? Had he also departed his lair? Or had he been killed like Ainkel?
Additionally, if he had been killed, who had the strength to murder an elder dragon with the power of a god?
In-gong recalled the slab he had seen at Fort Thunderdoom. The four people standing against the six elder dragons...
Conquest, War, Death and Famine.
The last flame had said that the Knights of the Apocalypse were those who craved destruction and wanted to bring about the end.
If so, was it them?
Had the four knights killed Ainkel and Kaltein a thousand years ago?
If that was the case, why?
‘Master.’
Green Wind called out to In-gong. In-gong then realized that he had been walking without realizing it.
The party was standing in front of a large mural.
In-gong couldn’t tell if it was a coincidence or something else, but he raised his head and looked at the mural. Many areas were broken or exposed to the flow of time, so a clear form couldn’t be recognized.
"There is some writing.”
Felicia approached the wall excitedly but soon became upset. They were characters that she was seeing for the first time.
In-gong examined the characters. They weren’t dwarf characters or dragon characters.
It was completely different. These characters seemed to be much older than the other two.
[Extinct Native Species’s Characters Lv1 has been learnt.]
A woman’s voice ran in his ears and In-gong swallowed his saliva. The word ‘extinct’ stood out in his mind.
Just like the mural, the writing was badly damaged, so no proper sentences could be read. In-gong read a few words in his head.
‘Riders of destruction.
‘Collapse of the six pillars.
‘It couldn’t be kept.
‘10,000 years.
‘The end ---’
They were all negative words. In-gong finished reading the words and looked at the mural. There was something large and red painted there, but the damage made it unclear.
The extinction of a native species...
These were records about destruction.
'Master, I feel a strong draw. Focus on the equipment of the elder dragons.’
Green Wind whispered again. In-gong looked at White Eagle and Earth Quaker. Despite the fact that they were separate powers, both of them showed a green, red and yellow light.
The gazes of the rest of the party moved to In-gong and he concentrated on the equipment of the elder dragons like Green Wind told him to. A path formed in his head and he moved accordingly. Soon, he arrived in front of a small room.
As In-gong arrived there, the wall opened automatically and a small altar appeared. Its structure was similar to the dwarf altar where he had acquired Earth Quaker.
“Violent Kaltein...”
Felicia muttered in a small voice. Above the altar, there was a dark blue cloak shining with a white light.
It was obviously an equipment of the elder dragon. The excited Silvan reached out to the altar, but he couldn’t touch it. He was blocked by an invisible wall.
Felicia wasn’t much different. She was also forced to take a step back from the wall.
Caitlin naturally looked to In-gong who stretched his hands forward with the power of Conquest. The transparent wall blocked In-gong’s hand, but it was only for a moment.
It was like with Ainkel’s dragon heart. As though it had been hoping to be conquered, Kaltein’s barrier accepted In-gong’s rule.
After seeing In-gong walk through the transparent wall, Silvan closed his eyes and tried to approach the altar again, but it was useless. This invisible wall just blocked his way once more.
Night Watch.
That was the name of the cloak.
As soon as In-gong reached out to it, Night Watch moved to In-gong’s shoulders. Naturally, Night Watch’s abilities popped up in his mind.
[Mental power has increased by 10.]
[Magic power has increased by 10.]
[Agility has increased by 10.]
[Built-in skill: Blink Lv3 has been acquired.]
[The resistance level for all attributes have been increased by one.]
[Flying Ability Lv1 has been acquired.]
[Awakening - Black Ghost has been acquired.]
However, this wasn’t the end. Night Watch recognized In-gong’s fighting style. A cloak was lovely but cumbersome for someone who fought with their hands and feet.
Therefore, Night Watch changed its appearance. It moved like a dark blue liquid and took a spot around In-gong’s neck and shoulders. It was similar to a muffler that stretched to the back instead of the front.
In-gong stepped into the air. He couldn’t feel any strength like how he would when stepping on stairs and instead felt like his body was floating.
'Ah, no. The meaning of my existence...!’
In-gong smiled as he heard Green Wind’s cry. Completely free flight was unreasonable, but he was able to move somewhat freely in the air.
"Once again, Shutra is the owner. I was afraid of this.”
Felicia laughed bitterly. Caitlin never felt any greed as she watched In-gong with shining eyes.
It was great that In-gong had found the artifact. Additionally, the current situation meant that it was impossible for Silvan and others to feel discontent about it.
Felicia had expected this and Silvan had been rejected by the artifact. So, he had to stand back with a sour face.
Felicia and Caitlin came up to In-gong as soon as he landed on the ground. Even if they didn’t own Night Watch, it was possible to look at it.
Silvan sulked in a corner for a few minutes.
Suddenly, there was a flash from Carack, Seira and Delia. Carack thrashed around while Seira and Delia pulled out a small pendant with familiar movements. After confirming the colour of the light coming from the pendant, they exchanged glances and nodded with a serious expression.
"Delia?”
Felicia’s voice was somewhat uneasy as she was surprised by the unusual atmosphere. However, Delia spoke in an orderly manner,
"There was an emergency contact from the Demon King’s Palace. It’s an order for everyone to convene.”
Just by listening to her words, it was obvious this was a rare incident. Carack watched the light from the pendant and stuttered,
“Uh... the princes and princesses must gather at the Demon King’s Palace 10 days from now.”
Carack, Seira and Delia all received this as aides to the children of the demon king.
Carack looked at Seira to see if he was right and she nodded. Seira then told Caitlin,
"It isn’t a big deal since we have a fair amount of time to gather. Don’t worry.”
Caitlin gave a small nod. As Seira said, 10 days was ample time, but they also needed to meet Amita and then Chris.
"We will leave the ruins exploration up to here. Let’s return to the Black Flame Dragon now.”
Silvan spoke and moved out of the room. Felicia took a deep breath and glanced at In-gong with uneasy eyes. In-gong smiled back reassuringly.
However, In-gong was anxious as well as it was rare for all the children of the demon king to be summoned in Knight Saga.
‘The subjugation of the lycanthropes.’
It was the only incident that allowed the player to assemble everyone.
In-gong looked at Caitlin’s back as she left the room. Pushing his anxiety down deep inside him, he stepped forward.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 99 - Chapter 16: Summons
Felicia had taken a few steps away from the room containing Night Watch when she stopped abruptly and looked back.
Caitlin, who was walking slightly behind the group with In-gong, wondered what was going on. Felicia then opened her mouth and said,
"Hey, is there no time at all? I want to take a look at this floor at least. We might not get to look around next time.”
Her face was filled with regret.
Silvan sighed at Felicia’s attitude and called out her name with the tone of an aggravated older brother.
“Felicia.”
"Shutra, what do you think?”
However, Felicia just talked over him and called out to Shutra instead. Felicia glanced at In-gong who replied with a frown,
"As Seira said, 10 days is an ample amount of time. And to a certain extent, Felicia noona is correct. To be honest, isn’t it a little disappointing?”
This was the lair of an elder dragon.
Until now, they had been to places related to an elder dragon, but this was the first lair.
In the case of the Great Enkidu, it had been a place to store treasures  rather than Enkidu’s lair. Additionally, they hadn’t even visited Watcher Ainkel’s place.
Felicia’s expression brightened as In-gong sided with her.
"Isn't it? Shutra thinks so as well? Isn’t it a shame to just leave?”
Felicia was more emotional than usual due to her regret and desperation. It was pretty cute, but In-gong spoke without losing his composure.
"However, Noona, will you really just look around? My guess is that we’ve seen half of this floor. Can’t it be delayed for a few days?”
He could roughly guess the scale of the place through the mini-map.
Of course, he couldn’t reveal the basis of the information, but the group regarded it as true.
“Felicia.”
Silvan called Felicia’s name once again, but she ignored it.
Felicia folded her arms and shook her head.
"Uhh, won’t it be okay just for today? Amita... we can leave at night.”
Their transportation wasn’t a carriage but a flying ship. She felt sorry for Silvan’s crew members, but they could move at any time, morning or night. Taking a break wasn't a problem either. They could rest while the flying ship was moving.
Felicia gazed at In-gong with earnest eyes and Delia, who was also interested in exploring ruins, had a similar expression.
Would In-gong allow it?
As everyone paid attention to In-gong, Silvan once again felt isolated.
In this situation, shouldn’t Felicia be seeking permission from Silvan who was her older brother and the master of the flying ship?
Why was she asking permission from the youngest prince, Shutra?
As Silvan floundered about, In-gong sighed like it couldn’t be helped and said with a smile,
“That should be fine.”
They were supposed to return to the Demon King’s Palace within 10 days. Half a day wouldn’t be a detrimental hindrance.
Moreover, In-gong was interested in the areas he hadn’t seen yet.
He had achieved his goal after acquiring Kaltein’s Night Watch, but it would be a shame to go back with just that.
'Maybe I can get more information.’
The records of a destroyed species…
And information about who attacked Violent Kaltein.
Neither were important at the moment, but it wasn’t bad to know.
As In-gong gave permission, Felicia jumped up and cheered. Her face was bright like a young child.
“Yes! Okay! Then let’s look around!”
“Felicia.”
Silvan called Felicia for the third time. This time, Felicia did something worse than ignoring him.
"Oppa, can go back to the flying ship first? Do you know how to use the magic tool that allows you to breathe underwater?”
Silvan’s shoulders sagged at her words and he said,
"I’ll just stay with you.”
"Okay.”
Felicia hummed lightly as she walked toward a path they hadn’t been to yet. As everyone followed, Carack patted Silvan’s shoulder lightly.
"Prince, cheer up.”
The orc’s tone was inappropriate despite being Shutra’s aide, but Silvan didn’t rebuke him for the rudeness.
Was it a type of charm that somehow couldn’t be resisted? 
It was actually comforting.
Carack patted his shoulders a few more times and Silvan stepped forward with a grim expression.
&
After following Felicia for three hours, the party accomplished a lot in Kaltein’s lair.
Nothing else at the Night Watch’s standard was found, but there was a considerable amount of artifacts, gold and silver as well as archeological data that was more valuable than gold to Felicia.
No records related to the extinct species were found, but In-gong was also satisfied. Thanks to being well instructed by the sword duke on dungeon exploration, he was able to get his hands on a considerable amount of gold and silver.
He already had quite a lot of gold packed, but it never hurt to have more.
In the final stretch of the exploration, they found a staircase leading down. Felicia made a pitiful expression, but it was impossible to delay any further.
He didn’t know why but Silvan was also sulking, so the dark elf siblings looked strangely cute and pitiful.
However, In-gong urged Felicia with a decisive expression and the party was able to leave Kaltein’s lair on time.
"Lift up the anchor and spread the sails. We are going back to Spider Forest now. Soar, soar! Black Flame Dragon ho!”
Silvan cried out towards the sky from the deck of the flying ship. Although it was eccentric, it was what Silvan always did, so the crew members rushed to depart without paying any attention.
Then after half a day…
Once it was close to dawn, the party was able to reach Spider Forest.
"It is insane to come at this hour.”
At the entrance of the small temple, Amita glared with sleepy eyes while being carried by Daphne.
Instead of asking, ‘Aren’t raccoons originally nocturnal?’, In-gong looked at the person standing next to Daphne.
"I’m back, Your Highness.”
"I’m back as well. Good job, Karma.”
Karma smiled at In-gong’s reply, but she looked awkward. She had gone to call for support, but everything had already ended. As a result, it seemed like she didn’t help at all.
Carack sent Karma a look of consolation and she smiled.
It was at that moment that Daphne, who was carrying Amita, gazed at the Black Flame Dragon with wide eyes.
“This is... Is this perhaps a dragon?”
Silver scales shone in the light.
Amita narrowed their eyes and shook their head from within Daphne’s arms.
“No, it is a sea serpent. The owner of Sun Lake was one, but he is gone now.”
Amita clicked their tongue, but they seemed quite satisfied. They asked the party in a loud and cheerful voice,
“Anyway, what happened this time? Why are you in such a rush?”
There had to be a reason why they left the lake forcefully and arrived so early.
Felicia came forward and replied,
"Amita, something urgent has come up,  so we need to go back to the Demon King’s Palace. There might be trouble which is why we hurried here to get Daphne and Karma. I’m sorry.”
"Huh? Return to the Demon King’s Palace? Then what about the equipment I have to make?”
They had just started the work, so there was no properly finished product.
Carack blinked and asked,
"Uh, Raccoon. Do you have something like delivery?”
"Ridiculous! I don’t know when you’re going to visit me again and I have no intention of delivery.”
This wasn’t a local blacksmith but Amita, the world’s greatest blacksmith. The mention of a delivery service was ridiculous.
Carack smiled like he had expected this and continued in a sly voice,
"Then how about going with us?"
“What?”
"Didn’t you say that you have to defend the last flame? Don’t hide in harsh places and just come with us. There is no place safer than the Demon King’s Palace."
As he spoke, Carack sneaked a peek at Daphne. She recognized what he meant and added quickly,
“It is a good idea. Amita should come with us, yes?”
"Ridiculous. It is impossible! You are only good at talking nonsense!”
Amita’s eyes narrowed as they bellowed. However, Daphne, who had become familiar with Amita after two days, didn’t even blink. Her expression suddenly became upset and she said in a sad voice,
“I would like to be with Amita. Does Amita not want to?”
Although it was an obvious attack, it was a highly effective one.
In-gong and Silvan looked on with anticipation and Amita’s reaction was just like they had expected.
"Well, that isn’t it...”
It was only half-way. So, Felicia approached Amita quickly.
"Amita, I also want to be with Amita longer. How about Caitlin?”
“Yes, that... No, Amita is amazing.”
Caitlin’s ‘amazing’ also had great effect as Amita then grabbed their chest and flinched.
However, Amita was stubborn and persuading them wasn’t easy. They jumped down from Daphne’s arms and cried out,
"Aish! I won’t! I won’t be deceived!”
It was a fairly decisive attitude, but Daphne just sighed and changed tactics.
"Amita, didn’t you say that you wanted to tinker with 9th Prince’s equipment?”
“Huh? Daphne, what are you talking about?"
In-gong asked with amazement. Daphne then replied in a calm tone,
"It is obviously good, but it hasn’t been adjusted yet. Amita wanted to adjust the equipment to fit 9th Prince.”
She was referring to the equipment belonging to elder dragons.
In-gong looked hurriedly at Amita.
“Amita?”
“Ohh, I still won’t do it!”
Handling equipment from elder dragons was a pretty big temptation for Amita.
In-gong looked down at Amita, then said suddenly,
"Please wait a moment."
In-gong headed inside the temple. Then some time passed.
As soon as In-gong returned through the entrance of the temple, Amita jumped up. Their face was startled as they glanced inside the temple and cried out,
"Heok? Really?"
Of course, there was no answer, but Amita heard something. Their shoulders sagged and they breathed a long sigh. Then they looked angrily at In-gong.
“You! What did you do to the last flame? Why did the last flame tell me to follow you?”
Amota’s tail pounded on the ground.
In-gong just laughed with a relaxed face and said to Amita,
"So, are you going with us?"
“Ohhh... it can’t be helped.”
It was the command of the last flame.
Amita disguised themselves as the user or manager of the last flame, but they were actually in a position of worship.
Amita sighed and spoke again,
"The last flame must be ready to move, so it is impossible right now. The separation isn’t yet complete. It is only possible to depart tomorrow at noon.”
“I understand. It also gives time for the crew of the Black Flame Dragon to rest.”
They hadn’t slept because they had been flying in the middle of the night. They had the time from now until noon tomorrow to rest until their fatigue was gone.
Once things were nearly settled, Silvan approached Amita. He did this because each person in the party was supposed to receive one piece of equipment from Amita.
"Excuse me, Amita, I’m also...”
“What? Why? Eh? What is it?”
Amita’s anger exploded and Silvan jumped back.
"Ah, nothing."
Amita was a friend of the sword duke, so Silvan didn’t want to anger them.
"Cheer up.”
Carack patted Silvan’s shoulder and Silvan nodded with a sullen expression.
&
The next day at noon...
After getting ready to leave the temple, Amita stood in front of it and hit their tail against the ground.
"Don't laugh! Absolutely do not laugh!”
Amita was carrying a small wooden box on their back like a bag. There were some unusual things carved on the wood, but it made the raccoon look cute.
"Raccoon is cute with a backpack.”
Caitlin said and the rest of the party nodded with warm expressions.
In-gong refrained from laughing and asked,
“Amita, is the last flame in that box?”
"Yes, so you should protect me well.”
Amita finished speaking and jumped aboard the Black Flame Dragon.
After saying goodbye to Kafran, the guardian of Spider Forest, the party didn’t delay any longer.
The Black Flame Dragon opened its sails and soared up slowly. After soothing Amita’s temper tantrum, Felicia headed to where Silvan was standing. It was because he seemed different from usual.
Despite the way she acted, she thought that Silvan was a good brother and Silvan and Felicia had a loving relationship. Although he might look normal to other people, Felicia knew that it wasn’t the case.
“Silvan, what is with that expression?”
Silvan tried to make his normal expression, but it was clearly a little different. He looked at a distant place and smiled awkwardly.
"I will be seeing Chris soon.”
It would be their first reunion after a few years of separation.
The Black Flame Dragon rode the wind. The place where the wind was leading them to was the lycanthropes’ palace.
It was the land with the 7th Prince Chris Moonlight and the 4th Queen Elaine Moonlight.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 100 - Chapter 16: Summons #2
The biggest advantage of a flying ship was the ability to ignore the terrain.
There were no inevitable detours like there was when moving through a land route. Of course, they had to consider the air flow, but it wasn’t like a carriage that had to go through a mountain or get past a river.
In order to get to the Lycanthropes’ Palace from Spider Forest, they had to reach the lycanthrope territory and then cross half of it.
It would take more than 10 days on land, but it was a different story with a flying ship.
Sepira, the vice captain and navigator, calculated that it would take two to three days to reach the palace.
During that time, the party didn’t sit quietly.
Amita, who was in Daphne’s arms as always, gathered everyone in the captain’s room, the largest room on the airship.
"Now that the rough preparations are over, I will receive individual orders.”
The look on Amita’s face almost looked like a human expression. It was the expression of someone who didn’t want to do a chore but had accepted it anyway.
"Tell me the equipment you each desire.”
Daphne was the first one to reply to Amita’s words. She caressed Amita’s fur and said,
"I want armor, as I mentioned before.”
"Yes, I’ll make a dress with embroidered protective spells.”
Amita smiled and nodded. It seemed like they had already talked many times about what Daphne wanted.
Carack blinked and asked,
"Huh? Raccoon person, is that possible? Isn’t it tough for you to sew?”
“Why, do you have a complaint? Eh? Do you have a complaint?”
Amita snarled at Carack, but the rest of the group just looked at Amita’s little hands. The thought of a raccoon sewing with those hands was very cute.
Carack also had similar thoughts, but instead of teasing them, he just replied with a wide smile,
"No, raccoon person is very talented.”
“Bah.”
Amita snorted, but they didn’t hate the praise.
"Well, let’s keep going. Satyr, tell me your order.”
Karma stared at Amita, then said in a cautious voice,
"I will ask for armor.”
She hadn’t participated in the fight to defend the last flame as well as the negotiation.
Amita looked Karma up and down after hearing her order.
"You prefer speed, so I’ll have to make it light. It will be a partial armour. Okay, next.”
Amita’s gaze turned to Seira this time and she responded with a serious expression,
"I need armour that can be worn after a transformation.”
"Well, I guess I’ll need to make resizeable armor. It depends on the material, but the armour will basically be heavier, so the defense is higher. Is that want you want?”
"Some weight is okay. I’ll use it after the transformation. I just want you to consider that I’m a warrior who uses my fists.”
"Understood. I will take it into account. ...You?”
Amita’s voice abruptly changed at the end. It was because Carack was the target.
Carack scratched his chin and grinned.
“I also want armor.”
After Karma and Seira, that made three consecutive orders for armor. Daphne’s order of clothes also belonged to the category of armor, so all the orders from the party so far had been armor.
Amita jumped from Daphne’s arms and pounded the floor with their tail.
"Why are the orders all armor? Isn’t this too much? Eh? Armour is the hardest, so are you trying to mess with me?”
The biggest piece of equipment was armour.
Carack waved his hands and shook his head like there was a misunderstanding.
"Armor is necessary. Who wouldn’t want sturdy armor with the purpose of keeping them alive to come from the best craftsman? Moreover, Karma, Seira and I are the escorts of princes and princess. There are many things to be done, so it is natural that we need armor.”
It was a logical claim for an orc.
Amita couldn’t come up with any way to refute it, so they sighed and shook their fists. Sepira, who was standing with Silvan in a corner, stared at Carack with amazement.
Delia noticed the gaze and moved to block Sepira’s view. Amita jumped back onto Daphne’s lap and looked at Delia.
“You? Do you also want armor?”
Delia was an aide like Carack and Seira.
However, Delia shook her head.
"Amita, I want a shield that is small and light but has good defense and a wide range of defenses.”
Delia was a dark elf and dark elves were usually highly exposed. Exposed armor naturally had a low defense, so instead of flimsy armor, she wanted a shield.
At Delia’s order, Carack and the others all looked at Amita nervously. Delia’s order was quite contradictory, so they thought Amita would become angry.
A shield that was small and light, yet it should have excellent defense and a wide defense range. Was that even possible?
“A shield. It is for defense, but it isn’t armour. Okay, I like it."
It was likely that it was possible.
Amita nodded and Delia smiled as she returned to her seat.
The aides finished making their orders, so the only remaining ones were the royal children.
Amita turned to Caitlin first.
“What about the amazing princess?”
“Uh... um...”
Caitlin licked her lips and didn’t answer immediately because she couldn’t make a decision between armor and gauntlets.
Caitlin had grown up among lycanthropes who never used weapons, so she had never thought about using weapons. It was because she didn’t think there was a weapon that a fists warrior could use.
However, Caitlin’s thoughts changed  somewhat after seeing In-gong use Earth Quaker. 
She wanted to have gauntlets that she could use as a weapon. 
However, she would also like to have armor.
While Caitlin was worrying about it, Amita started to wave their tail with impatience.
Amidst everyone’s nervousness, In-gong pulled Caitlin’s hand and whispered to her,
“Ask for armor. I’ll give you gauntlets from my share.”
Caitlin’s eyes shone at In-gong’s suggestion.
“Really? Is it okay?”
Everybody became curious because Caitlin’s reply wasn’t a whisper. In-gong grinned and nodded.
“Yes, it is.”
In-gong was supposed to receive a full set from Amita.
Gauntlets and a shield were included in the full set, but In-gong already had Earth Quaker and White Eagle. So, the gauntlets and shield would be best placed somewhere else.
Caitlin would receive the gauntlets and Carack would get the shield.
It was the reason Carack selected armor instead of a shield.
Thanks to In-gong’s consideration, Caitlin’s worries were relieved and she smiled brightly.
“Please make me armor. Light and sturdy armor should be good.”
It was the sixth defense and fifth armor order. Amita sighed as their shoulders sagged.
"I am going to be an armor craftsman. Okay, I will do it since it is your order.”
Amita, whose expression had become aloof, turned toward Felicia.
"What do you want? Armor?”
The word ‘armor’ emerged from Amita’s mouth, but their eyes were full of expectations.
Felicia was a dark elf like Delia. So, right now, she was wearing clothes that exposed her belly and her shoulders.
Felicia, who received Amita’s burning gaze, covered her face with her fan. She looked somewhere else and said,
“A sword.”
Sword...
It wasn’t a shield or armor but a sword.
“Huh? Aren’t you a magician?”
Amita asked with startled eyes. Felicia raised her fan a little bit higher and replied,
"I'm not using it. Please make a sword for Silvan.”
“Felicia?”
Startled, Silvan cried out. Felicia glanced at him and muttered in a small voice,
"Well, I am a magician. I have no need for weapons or armor.”
Her face was covered with a fan, but her long ears had turned red. Everyone smiled warmly as they saw Felicia’s red ears.
“Felicia!”
Silvan was unable to hold back and pulled Felicia into a hug. They were a twin brother and sister, but the two of them were quite different. Felicia cried out from within Silvan’s arms,
"Oh, come on! Do you want me to change my order?”
However, her face was still red. Instead of releasing Felicia, Silvan chuckled and kissed her forehead and cheeks.
"You know that Oppa loves you right?”
"I know.”
Felicia responded with a small smile and Silvan laughed like he was someone who had obtained the world.
Amita nodded with a cheery expression.
"I love you too. A sword, good.”
The seventh order was a weapon.
However, there was still a long way to go. Amita sighed as they looked at the person whose order would be the same amount as the previous ones combined.
"A full set... So, full body armour, shield and a helmet?”
The full set also included earrings and nose rings.
In-gong replied with a grin that was similar to Carack’s.
"Please tune Earth Quaker and White Eagle as well, thank you.”
“The last flame...”
Amita lamented, but the last flame was on In-gong’s side. Moreover, Amita still had one more trial remaining.
"Speaking raccoon, don’t forget about me. I also need to give my order.”
Green Wind appeared next to In-gong. Amita looked up at Green Wind and didn’t have the power to tap the floor with their tail anymore.
"What would you like?”
"Well, I want to have something that can help Master. I am Master’s and Master is mine. Master, what would you like?”
The words were good for In-gong but terrible for Amita. Not just the orc, but the master and subordinates were all vicious.
In-gong smiled and stroked Green Wind’s head.
"I want a special order. It is also related to the adjustment of Earth Quaker and White Eagle, so I think we should talk some more.”
"It is as Master says.”
Green Wind smiled at Amita who nodded.
"Yes, I’ll talk to you again later. Anyway... this flying ship has a fairly large smithy. I’ll start working there. Also, 9th Prince.”
Amita got up and pointed at In-gong.
"Will there be a smithy at your mansion in the Demon King’s Palace?”
“Yes.”
In fact, it didn’t have a smithy. However, he had accumulated many merits, so he would be able to install new facilities.
Once all the orders were finished, Amita covered their face with a hand.
"I’m a complete slave, a slave. I’m going to be churning out equipment. Normally, I only make one thing a year, but now, I have to make so much.”
"Amita, please do it well."
Daphne hugged the lamenting Amita as if to comfort them.
&
The duration of ten days was long as well as short.
Amita spent the remaining nine days working.
To save time, the Black Flame Dragon didn’t stop moving during the night and thanks to Sepira’s navigation, they reached the Lycanthrope Palace in two days.
Although all types of magic existed in the Demon World, it was rare to find a flying ship like the Black Flame Dragon.
The black sails of the Black Flame Dragon could be called its form of identification.
The lycanthropes, who had noticed the Black Flame Dragon early on, showed fast and natural movements as the spread the news through long distance communication methods.
The designated landing site of the Black Flame Dragon was a land on the outskirts of the Lycanthrope Palace.
Flying ships were rare for lycanthropes, so there wasn’t a proper landing ground at the palace. There were concerns that landing elsewhere would ruin the well-kept gardens.
With the exception of Caitlin and Seira who were returning home, the rest of the group were tense as the palace got closer.
This wasn’t the Demon King’s Palace but the home of the 4th Queen.
Felicia and Silvan were children of the 3rd Queen, so it was natural for them to feel nervous.
Then the Black Flame Dragon finally landed on the ground.
In-gong saw a crowd of people from the deck. 20 members of the lycanthropes’ royal guards were gathered below. The person at the front was obviously the leader, Ludwig.
In-gong’s gaze was directed a little bit further away. He could feel the stare even from a long distance.
The 4th Queen, Elaine Moonlight...
She looked exactly like Caitlin but was a totally different woman.
Elaine stood among the Blood Companions and laughed as she looked at In-gong.
In-gong laughed as well. Standing next to her were Chris and the lycanthrope master, Bruce.
Silvan’s crew put out a set of foldable stairs.
Elaine asked with her eyes,
‘Have you made a decision?’
This was referring to the suggestion she had made.
In-gong stepped forward. It was time to tell her the answer.
&
"Is that a pet?”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 101 - Chapter 16: Summons #3
"It has been a long time, 4th Queen. I am 5th Prince, Silvan Doomblade.”
"It is great to see you, Silvan. How have you been?”
Silvan and Elaine greeted each other with smiles. Silvan, who had always been flamboyant, talked formally without any signs of discomfort, but Elaine seemed different.
It wasn’t that Elaine’s courtesy or behaviour was a problem. It was simply that her image was different from what In-gong had seen before.
Now, Elaine was literally a lady. She had Caitlin’s innocent appearance, but her sophistication and subdued voice created a beautiful atmosphere.
Moreover, she spoke with honorifics. She hadn’t done that when In-gong met her last time.
However, despite from In-gong’s surprise, Elaine and Silvan maintained an aristocratic attitude toward each other.
"Thank you for your concern.”
Silvan bowed and stepped back. This time, Felicia was the one to step forward and bow.
"6th Princess Felicia Doomblade greets the 4th Queen.”
Just like Elaine, Felicia acted as a delicate lady. Unlike the usually energetic Felicia, she showed a very gentle appearance.
Elaine said with a smile,
"You seem to have become more beautiful in just a few days. I was worried due to the disturbance in Spider Forest.”
Karma had asked for help from the lycanthrope rangers. It was natural for Elaine, the queen of the lycanthropes, to receive the news.
Felicia gazed downward slightly.
"Thank you for the active support from the lycanthropes. The guardian of Spider Forest asked me to thank you as well.”
In fact, they hadn’t received any help during the fight at Spider Forest, but the lycanthropes had still moved to aid them.  Moreover, the lycanthrope rangers had agreed to watch the state of Spider Forest for a while, so it was right to express gratitude.
Elaine responded in a very friendly tone,
"You are my children as well. So, it is a normal course of action.”
They didn’t share a single drop of blood, but Elaine viewed them as children of the family.
Felicia stepped back while hiding her embarrassment and vigilance. Then it was Caitlin’s turn.
"I’m back, Mother.”
Elaine didn’t respond to the light greeting. It was like she couldn’t hear Caitlin’s words at all.
Caitlin bit her lip and bowed.
“8th Princess Caitlin Moonlight greets the 4th Queen.”
“I’m glad to see you’ve come back safely.”
Elaine smiled widely and accepted the greeting. Caitlin looked like she wanted a hug ,but Elaine didn’t allow it. She turned her head and said,
“9th Prince.”
Caitlin was forced to step back. In-gong swallowed his saliva and imitated Silvan’s bow.
"9th Prince Shutra Ignus greets the 4th Queen.”
It seemed like the same greeting, but there was a slight difference in accent and behavior.
After finishing his greeting, In-gong looked at Elaine who was showing a different smile.
"Those are good eyes.”
Her voice was still gentle, but there seemed to be a beast hiding in it. Indeed, In-gong thought that she truly was different from Caitlin. The aides didn’t give personal greetings, so the only one left was Daphne.
“It is great to see 4th Queen. I am Daphne, the daughter of the 5th concubine, Echo.”
Her voice was full of tension, but she didn’t show it in her bow. Elaine glanced at Daphne with amusement in her eyes, then moved her gaze. The raccoon, standing beside Daphne with a sour expression, caught her eyes.
“Nice to meet you. Is that a pet beside you?”
Elaine asked and the party became tense. Daphne, who had been asked directly, tried to read Amita’s mood as she replied,
“Uh... that...”
“A party member.”
In-gong said on behalf of Daphne. Caitlin stepped forward and added,
"This raccoon is the great Amita, Mother.”
It was a slight deviation from courtesy. Everyone was already nervous due to the raccoon’s expression, but Elaine didn’t dismiss her like before. She had heard the name Amita from Chris.
“Nice to meet you, Amita. Will you please forgive my rudeness that stemmed from ignorance?”
Elaine smiled while lowering her posture. Amita stared at Elaine for a while then shook their head with their arms folded.
"I forgive you.”
"Thank you."
Whether it was to make Elaine uncomfortable or for some other reason, Amita did not say anymore. Elaine didn’t dare say anything else to Amita and introduced Bruce who was next to her.
"This is the great Master Bruce. He is the lycanthrope that boasts the strongest power."
Master Bruce was a very big, burly man. His head was full of white hair and there were fine lines all over this face, but that was it. His muscles were tight and his body was almost as good as Carack’s.
He dressed almost just like Chris, with animal hides that made him look like a bandit. In-gong could tell instantly where Chris’ fashion sense had come from.
In Knight Saga, Master Bruce hadn’t been present for the lycanthrope subjugation. It was because he had suddenly died two weeks before it had happened.
Bruce stared silently at In-gong. It was obvious that Chris had talked to Bruce about In-gong. Bruce’s eyes reminded In-gong of the sword duke.
However, now wasn’t the time or place for his personal interest.
Elaine turned around and said,
"I am surprised by the sudden summons, but you don't have to worry too much. I don't know the exact reason for the summons, but... it seems to be unrelated to the princes and princesses. Use today to relax.”
Her gentleness was nice. Elaine then glanced at Chris who was standing on her right.
“Chris, can I ask you to guide your brothers and sisters?”
“Leave it to me.”
Chris replied with a rigid expression. Silvan had a somewhat complicated expression on his face, but Chris didn’t pay him any attention.
Elaine ignored the strange tension and called out to In-gong,
"9th Prince, please take a short walk with me.”
Felicia jumped and her eyes sharpened. In-gong just responded like he had already been expecting it.
“I understand.”
The party split in two.
Chris led one group to the palace while Ludwig and the Blood Companions escorted In-gong and Elaine.
Except for Ludwig, the other Blood Companions kept a considerable distance from Elaine. In-gong, Elaine and Ludwig walked ahead at a distance from where they couldn’t be heard.
As soon as they entered the garden, Elaine said quickly,
"So, have you thought about it?”
Elaine stopped talking with any honorifics.
In-gong looked slightly surprised by her sudden change in attitude, but Elaine just shrugged.
"Like I said, you are my child. Moreover, didn’t you make a commitment after learning Divine Beast Authority from Chris and Caitlin? So, I should treat you properly like my child. Do you want a hug?”
Her mischievous smile made her very different from Caitlin. Instead of indirectly hugging an adult Caitlin, In-gong chose to speak.
"I’ve thought about it and I’ve come to a conclusion.”
In-gong hesitated before cutting to the chase. Elaine laughed as she stepped forward and turned to face In-gong.
"Interesting. Can you tell me your conclusion?”
“I will become the demon king.”
His voice was calm. Elaine tilted her head and asked again,
“Why?”
"I want to keep something.”
Wanting to keep something...
The  motivation wasn’t great, but Elaine was very satisfied.
“How interesting. Isn’t this purpose the same as mine?”
Elaine didn’t ask what he wanted to keep. She just turned around and started walking again. In-gong walked next to her for a while before she opened her mouth again.
“Shutra, the lycanthropes will support you. As Chris already said, if you become the demon king, that will be the best outcome for all of us.”
"It that so?”
"It is. Keeping the status quo isn’t as easy as it sounds. It is a lie if I say I don’t want things to improve.”
Elaine laughed playfully, then her expression changed. Her eyes narrowed and she frowned slightly.
"If the 1st Prince, 2nd Prince or 4th Princess becomes the demon king, the lycanthropes are likely to lose our current position. Unlike the current demon king, they have a lot of people on their mothers’ sides. They aren’t few in number like the sura, who are foolish warriors.”
The sura queen didn’t participate in politics. Even Gallehed, one of the five captains, stayed at the Demon King’s Palace unattended.
However, the draconians and nightmares were different.
“The dark elves will have similar worries. Win them over well. In particular, the 6th Princess and 3rd Queen... it is more important to gain their hearts than Silvan’s. Well, you seem to have already gained 6th Princess’ heart. I can tell by looking at her eyes.”
Elaine laughed as she recalled Felicia and In-gong smiled with embarrassment.
"Is it because 5th Prince is a man?”
"You’re aware of it. The dark elves are a female centered society. The women plot while the men fight bravely. It isn’t 5th Prince but 6th Princess that holds the key. Moreover, 5th Prince is very dedicated to 6th Princess. It is like Chris and Caitlin but reversed.”
Just as In-gong thought, Silvan was in charge of protecting Felicia.
Elained turned around and faced In-gong.
"I will treat you like my child, but our relationship is loose. After becoming the demon king, you may do something ungrateful and stab us in the back. So, I’m not expecting anything big right now. The honeymoon period has just begun, so it would be nice to build up our relationship gradually.”
Elaine said that their connection was weak. In-gong was a gandharva, not a lycanthrope.
"Moreover... there are still secrets, so our relationship is far from being developed.”
Elaine winked with a giggle and turned back around.
The talk about their relationship ended with this.
Then In-gong asked something else,
"Is there any more information about this summon?”
“It is like I said before. Something has happened, but it doesn’t seem to be about the children of the demon king. Don’t worry, the demon king isn’t angry with his children.”
At least it wasn’t about Caitlin. If it truly was about Caitlin, then Elaine wouldn’t be as peaceful as she was now.
This time, Elaine was the one who asked In-gong,
"How do you intend to return to the Demon King’s Palace?”
"I will return to the Demon King’s Palace with everyone else on Silvan’s flying ship.”
This meant they weren’t going to use the transfer formation. Elaine's eyes narrowed.
"Why?”
"There is already a spotlight on the entry. This way I can give the Demon King’s Palace a proper shake up."
Elaine was able to understand instantly and she laughed once again.
"I really like the way you think. Chris will actively support your idea."
Elaine stopped walking, made a ‘hu’ sound as she breathed out and started talking again.
“This much should be enough. It isn’t good to hold you for too long. 6th Princess will be worried. Isn’t she a very cute child?”
"She is a very affectionate noonim.”
In-gong replied with an embarrassed expression and Elaine nodded. She tapped In-gong’s shoulder lightly and said,
"Then we’ll talk again later.”
“I’ll see you next time.”
Two Blood Companions approached In-gong naturally and guided him. Elaine watched until In-gong and the Blood Companions had left the garden, then stretched her shoulders.
"How interesting. I selected well.”
She had a very satisfied expression on her face, but Ludwig was different. He had a perplexed expression on his face.
"Noonim, what did he mean by shaking the palace?”
"9th Prince is already under scrutiny, so it doesn’t make sense that there will be no eyes on him. They are already vigilant.”
The things he had done so far were too great. Even if the demon king had called his name at the court gathering, it would be nothing if he hadn’t done anything afterwards.
"Then what should be done? Take the time to relax the vigilance of the competitors? Or turn their eyes to others who aren’t competitors?”
"Noonim, make it easier to understand please.”
Elaine clicked her tongue at Ludwig’s pathetic request. Despite leading the Blood Companions, Ludwig was overly simplistic, so Elaine explained it to her cousin.
"Silvan, that child never leaves his flying ship. If they use the transport formation, then Silvan has to go back alone on his flying ship. This appearance isn’t suitable.”
"Appearance?"
"Think about it. Not one or two, but five child of the demon king have gathered and they are returning to the Demon King’s Palace like that. Can their loving brothers and sisters look on and laugh?”
Ludwig’s eyes widened, then he started counting off with his fingers.
“5, 6, 7, 8, 9... That’s more than half the number.”
Five out of the nine royal children.
"Yes, that’s more than half of them. They don’t have influence yet, but it is definitely impressive. Additionally, they are a group that had never previously gone together. There is no choice but to look for the link. People will think about who is at the center of the crowd.”
Then the answer would quickly emerge.
They would be able to tell instantly and Chris was going to create that atmosphere.
"Isn’t this likely to make them more vigilant?"
Ludwig asked in a concerned voice. Elaine shook her head.
"As I mentioned earlier, they are already wary. Moreover, 9th Prince is different from the other princes and princesses... I want them to show it to the Demon King’s Palace, that a new faction has appeared in the Demon King’s Palace.”
It wasn’t just to show off their power to the other children of the demon king. There were others they wanted to show...
The nobles of the Demon King’s Palace.
There were also the children of the concubines who hadn’t yet chosen a master.
Additionally, there were merchants who were unaffiliated.
"What do you think? It seems to be a bit rushed, but I like it.”
There were now four factions in the Demon King’s Palace, not just three. Moreover, the fourth faction wasn’t insignificant.
Elaine exhaled. The playfulness disappeared and she said with a mother’s face,
"It might just be a feeling, but I feel I can leave it to that child.”
"Noonim?”
Elaine didn’t say anything more. She shook her head and walked with a wolf-like look.
"Let's go back."
Elaine didn’t look back and headed straight to the main hall.
&
A day passed.
After Silvan joined Chris, he became significantly less talkative and it was the same for Chris.
Even when the Black Flame Dragon left the lycanthrope territory, the awkward silence between the two people continued. However, both of them showed their usual appearance when the other was absent.
In-gong was curious about what happened between the two of them but found it hard to ask.
Then after a few days...
While Amita designed blueprints and In-gong and Caitlin practiced with the Moonlight Core and Starlight Core, the Black Flame Dragon continued flying to the Demon King’s Palace.
Carack, who was standing next to In-gong and watching the full moon, turned to In-gong and asked,
"By the way, I feel a little anxious. Something unforeseen always happens with the demon king. I’m sure that it will explode this time as well.”
Carack had already determined that there would be an incident.
In-gong poked Carack’s side.
“Hey, what basis do you have for saying that?”
"Prince is the basis. You are the reason. And Prince, hasn’t Prince learnt from your own history?”
"Why should I learn?”
"What happened in the past will happen in the future. It is like that for all people. It isn’t an exaggeration to say that Prince’s history guarantees that things will happen in the future.”
Carack laughed and In-gong fell silent. He wanted to refute it but couldn’t think of any words.
In the first court gathering, the demon king had called one of his children’s names for the first time.
In the second court gathering, he had given In-gong a mission... A mission that everyone had thought belonged to Zephyr.
If so, what would happen this time?
"Patterns can be broken.”
"I have my doubts, but won’t we know once we arrive?”
Carack responded effortlessly to In-gong’s defense and waved abruptly. In-gong glanced over to see Sepira smiling widely. It was an expression he had seen on Daphne, Seira, Delia and Karma’s faces.
"Why are you looking at me like that?”
"My aide really is an orc.”
"Of course, I am an orc. Or am I an ogre?”
Carack just laughed while In-gong wondered why he had the pheromone effects of a main character.
Then two days later...
The party arrived at the Demon King’s Palace.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 102 - Chapter 17: Test
The Demon King’s Palace was the center of the Demon World.
In addition to its geographical significance, it was the center of culture and technology, containing things that weren’t easy to find in other parts of the Demon World.
An airport for flying ships was one of those things.
There were dozens of people gathered at the flying ship airport which contained large and small hangars as well as a large space for take-off and landing.
However, even if it was the Demon King’s Palace, it was rare to have so many people gathered at the flying ship airport:
The concubine's children and their subordinates;
The nobles of the Demon King’s Palace and their servants;
And the servants who came out to meet their masters.
The reasons why all of them had gathered were slightly different, but it was ultimately to meet those who would soon be arriving.
Someone raised their hands and pointed to the sky, then someone else exclaimed and everybody looked up. There were also those who made welcoming gestures.
A sailboat with dark sails was riding the wind.
It was the flagship of the 5th Prince, Silvan Doomblade.
The Black Flame Dragon had arrived at the Demon King’s Palace.
&
They had not planned anything in advance. However, Chris and Felicia exchanged glances and got into the most appropriate formation.
In-gong was the first one to get off after Silvan’s crew members put out the folding staircase.
In-gong was immediately followed by Carack, while Chris and Felicia each took on a position to their left and right so that the two men were in the center. As always, Caitlin and Silvan stood beside Chris and Felicia. The rest of the aides, except Carack, followed their masters, creating a formation that centered naturally around In-gong.
This formation had symbolic meaning.
A rectangular table formation like this didn’t exist without reason.
The center of the group...
Was the one who led the group.
Not only had five children of the demon king gathered together, but they were acting together.
5th Prince, 6th Princess, 7th Prince and 8th Princess...
They represented the royal families of the dark elves and the lycanthropes.
Why were they moving together? Who tied them together?
The answer was clear.
Just by looking, they could tell who was leading the crowd.
It was 9th Prince Shutra Ignus...
The one who had defeated the Red Lightning tribe with 7th Prince and 8th Princess.
During the mission, he had rescued the 6th Princess and the 6th Princess showed her devotion by helping 9th Prince.
Additionally, the 5th Prince was added since he couldn’t stand to fight with the 6th Princess.
Their suspicions became certain.
Some were happy while others felt discomfort.
However, all of them understood intuitively.
A new faction had emerged in the Demon King’s Palace.
The youngest and so called Prince of Scraps, Shutra Ignus, was the head of that new faction.
In-gong smiled bitterly as he descended the folding stairs under the flood of gazes. He couldn’t tell what they were thinking through their eyes and facial expressions alone, but he knew.
“This is overwhelming.”
When he first visited, there had been no one to greet him and the second visit only had Felicia’s aides.
Then the third visit...
Everyone was paying attention to In-gong. Moreover, this time there was someone who came out to greet In-gong.
Flora, the butler for his residence at the Demon King’s Palace, stood with two people. As always, Flora seemed somewhat expressionless, so In-gong sighed when he saw her.
"I'm glad."
"What are you glad about?”
"Flora still seems the same.”
Carack cocked his head at In-gong’s words but In-gong just smiled.
He didn’t want Flora to look at Carack like Karma, Seira, Delia, Sephira and Daphne did.
In-gong erased his smile as he had almost completely descended from the folding stairs. Then he heard Silvan’s voice behind him,
"There are draconians. They seem to be hiding, but they can’t fool my eyes...”
“I smell the nightmares. Everybody has shown up. Don’t you like this?”
Chris said, cutting off Silvan’s words as he was talking.
Unlike Silvan’s haughty voice, Chris’ was mixed with the snarl of a predator.
Draconians and nightmares had come out. There were none in the group, so they hadn’t come out to welcome the party. It was either reconnaissance or spying.
It showed that they were aware of the group.
In-gong couldn’t be ignored.
“It is great to see 9th Prince.”
Flora bowed to In-gong. Subsequently, the servants in charge of Felicia’s and Chris’ mansion were gathered.
There were some concubine children who had greeted him on the second visit and some unfamiliar faces.
In-gong ordered Flora to move the baggage from the Black Flame Dragon to the mansion. Although In-gong had virtually no baggage, Amita had a lot.
Daphne, who was hugging Amita, decided to go with Flora. Additionally, Amita had already agreed to act like a normal raccoon. It was Amita’s request since they didn’t want to be involved in any troublesome business.
Felicia and Chris entrusted their baggage to their stewards and accompanied In-gong instead of heading back to their residences.
As a result, their aides joined the party and a group of over 20 people were moving together. Moreover, In-gong was the leader of this group.
'Returning home in glory.’
There were many concubine children who wanted to talk to In-gong. Among them were Silas and Selene whom In-gong had wanted to secure like Daphne.
He didn’t have to go personally to each person in order to recruit talented individuals. Another way to recruit talent was to create a power that would make the talent come find him.
In-gong moved toward the Merits Department.
His followers, including the concubine children, scattered in front of the Merits Department, but there was still many remaining.
There were five of the demon king’s children and their four aides.
Isabella, who was in charge of the Merits Department, smiled with admiration and confusion as the room felt narrower than usual.
“9th Prince is always surprising me.”
Her lamia tail waved pleasantly. The smile of a beauty was always pleasant, so In-gong laughed alone when a voice interrupted them.
"Isabella, I’m here as well.”
Chris grinned playfully. It would be embarrassing under other situations, but it was different with the children of the demon king who were close to Isabella. She laughed like she was accustomed to Chris’ frivolity and gave an exaggerated bow.
"Of course, I know. It has been awhile since I’ve seen 7th Prince at the Merits Department.”
Chris was satisfied with the intimate tone. Then another voice was heard,
"Me too."
“Yes, 5th Prince, I know. I’m very pleased to see 6th Prince and 8th Princess.”
‘She is like a nanny to children.’
In fact, Isabella had seen the children of the demon king since they were children. She even had a friendly attitude to Zephyr. Maybe 1st Prince Baikal and 4th Princess Anastasia wouldn’t be much different.
He didn’t know if it was a way to deal with the demon king’s children or due to friendship, but Isabella didn’t get involved in any political problems such as factions.
She only greeted In-gong today as a representative of the Merits Department.
"9th Prince, what can I do for you today?”
"I want to install a new facility in my mansion.”
&
"This scammer! This isn’t a smithy!”
Amita burst out and pounded their tail on the ground.
In-gong had just installed it, so the smithy was virtually empty.
"Now, there will be one. Amita can decorate it as you like. It will be your private smithy. If you have anything you want, please say so at any time."
Amita responded to In-gong’s friendly words by covering their face with their hands.
"Ohh, somehow, I have an ominous feeling like I can never escape from this place...”
They needed to create more than a dozen equipment. So, an extended stay was required, no matter how good Amita was.
While Amita was pessimistic about their future, Daphne took out a blue collar.
"Amita, this is a necklace. All pets in the Demon King’s Palace must have necklaces. Don’t forget to act normal.”
Amita’s necklace was truly a dog’s collar. Amita looked up at Daphne with a bemused expression for a moment.
"You— Are you enjoying this?”
“Aye, that is impossible.”
Daphne laughed and Amita gave a long sigh. They seemed to have given up.
'I’m glad I have Daphne.’
It seemed like he could leave Amita to Daphne.
In-gong moved the materials in his inventory to one side of the smithy, then headed for the salon room of the mansion. Felicia, Silvan, Chris and Caitlin were gathered in the salon room.
“The aides?”
"They are having a separate tea time. Shouldn’t the counselors have time to rest as well?”
In-gong slightly frowned at Felicia’s answer as an image of Carack sitting in a 
flower garden
 popped into his head.
In-gong felt angry and Caitlin looked at him curiously.
“Shutra?”
“No, it is nothing.”
In-gong erased the image of Carack in a flower garden and sat down between Caitlin and Felicia.
Unlike Caitlin, Felicia laughed like she knew what In-gong had been imagining.
"Anyway, there will be a court gathering in two days. Apart from this alliance, there will be Baikal orabeoni, Zephyr orabeoni, Victor orabeoni and Anastasia unni... All of the children of the demon king will be there.”
Even in Knight Saga, there hadn’t been a case of all the demon king’s children attending a court gathering. In the lycanthrope subjugation, Chris and Caitlin had been, naturally, absent and Shutra hadn’t been present at the other times.
Silvan remained silent due to Chris while Caitlin, who wanted to get close to the other royal children, had a mixed look of worry and expectation on her face.
Chris grabbed Caitlin’s hand and said,
"As Mother said, you shouldn’t worry about it. Maybe there is a problem on the periphery.”
"The periphery?"
Felicia was the one who asked. Chris nodded and continued speaking,
"I heard some things on the way, but I’ll have to check again today. It seems like the contents of the court gathering haven’t been publicized to the palace yet.”
Maybe it was an incident similar to the uprising of the Red Lightning tribe.
Due to the fact that the story hadn’t spread in the castle, Chris judged it wasn’t a big deal and changed the subject to something else.
“Rather...”
“Rather?”
"I am already looking forward to it. What else will happen at this court gathering? I was sad that I couldn’t participate in Shutra’s second court gathering.”
He wanted something extraordinary to happen so that everyone would be shocked.
On the other hand, Felicia frowned and touched her chest.
"My heart isn’t good. Please let this time go smoothly, Shutra. Yes?”
Silvan’s and Caitlin’s gazes also turned to In-gong. In-gong smiled in a manner similar to the gaze had given Amita when he had spoken about the smithy.
Two days later, it was the day of the court gathering.
In-gong’s faction was in the waiting room. Baikal and Zephyr were going to participate in the court gathering without waiting, while Victor and Anastasia were in a different room. Therefore, everybody was comfortable, except for Silvan.
"Uhh, I’ve worn this three times and I’m still not used to it.”
Carack spoke while touching his tie. Due to his hulking shoulders, Carack looked pretty good in a suit.
In-gong glanced at the others. As always, Felicia was wearing a red dress cut so deep, he could glimpse her hip bone, while Silvan was wearing a black uniform decorated with gold thread. He couldn’t wear his captain clothes and wasn’t exposed like Felicia, but he was still wearing his eyepatch.
Caitlin was wearing a blue dress that emphasized her waist, making her look calm and cute.
However, the most noticeable one was Chris. Although he had big muscles like Carack, Chris gave off a wild feeling in his black suit.
In-gong wore the white suit that he had already worn twice to the court gatherings, but Felicia seemed very dissatisfied that he wore the same clothes three times in a row.
"Anyhow, please let this proceed well without any fuss.”
Felicia held her hands together and prayed while Chris chuckled.
Then the waiting room door opened. It was their turn to enter.
&
As soon as the door opened, In-gong sensed it.
Something was wrong.
The court gathering was filled with silence. Confusion and surprise seemed to emerge even in the silence.
‘Why?’
In-gong looked in front of him. He could see the backs of 1st Prince Baikal, 2nd Prince Zephyr, 3rd Prince Victor and 4th Princess Anastasia who were kneeling on one knee before the demon king
It wasn’t because of them. They were surprised as well.
Zephyr and Anastasia didn’t reveal anything, but Baikal and Victor seemed somewhat uncomfortable.
‘Then what is it?’
In-gong’s gaze moved a little further, then he heard Silvan’s sound of shock from behind him. Felicia and Caitlin, as well as Chris who was expecting an extraordinary situation, couldn’t conceal their shock either.
At the highest place on the podium...
The demon king wasn’t alone. There was one person next to the throne of the demon king:
Sword Duke Ishgard.
He was an elder of the sura who had never once shown up at the court gathering ceremony. With the exception of the demon king, he was someone who boasted the greatest strength in the Demon World!
His eyes moved toward In-gong, then his pleasant voice filled the silence.
"9th Prince, it has been one month. How are you?”
It was a light greeting.
However, it could never be taken lightly.
All eyes turned to In-gong and there were suppressed moans in many places.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 103 - Chapter 17: Test #2
It was already shocking that the sword duke had appeared at the court gathering.
Yet the sword duke had immediately spoken to one of the princes.
The meaning of this was enormous.
The 1st Prince, 2nd Prince, 3rd Prince and 4th Princess…
The sword duke hadn’t spoken to the previous four people. He had gazed at the 2nd Prince with interested eyes, but that was all.
He hadn’t greeted them or acted friendly.
Moreover, there was one important fact.
‘It's been a month.
‘How are you?’
The combination of everything and this short greeting resulted in only one conclusion:
9th Prince and the sword duke had met in the past.
Additionally, it had been during just this past one month.
Those who were participating in the court gathering weren’t stupid; most of them remembered the last court gathering.
The last court gathering...
The day afterwards, 9th Prince had headed to Thunderdoom Fortress.
‘How had the 9th Prince met the sword duke? Had the sword duke gone to visit 9th Prince?’
‘Moreover, it wasn’t somebody else but truly the sword duke?’
‘The sword duke?!’
These questions raised some doubts.
The shock caused an even greater impact.
1st Prince Baikal Ragnaros flinched. He wanted to look behind him.
3rd Prince Victor Nekrion, on the other hand, couldn’t endure it. He looked back with a confused and awkward expression.
4th Princess Anastasia Nekrion repressed herself, but she also revealed a slight shaking in her body.
It was just the 2nd Prince who didn’t seem to care. However, In-gong didn’t care about any of this. Everyone was busy looking between the sword duke and In-gong, while In-gong was struggling with the ripples caused by the sword duke’s greeting.
Felicia repressed an urge to press her hand to her chest and her stomach hurt like she had often read in the novels she read as a hobby. This was definitely something that hurt her stomach.
‘Sword duke! You are already getting too much attention!’
The sword duke had certainly said it at Thunderdoom Fortress.
He had said the fact that 9th Prince had combined Sura Heart Law and Divine Beast Authority into Divine Sura Authority should be concealed.
9th Prince was already receiving too much attention. If this fact was known, people would be even more wary toward him.
Then what was this? Was this the trial that often appeared in novels? Or perhaps, it was a test?
‘What is this bullying?’
There shouldn’t be trials or tests.
Felicia erased all the prideful things in her head, trying to calm her mind and maintain her composure.
Anyway, it was a situation where the sword duke had greeted In-gong.
There had to be a response.
How should he respond? Should he greet the sword duke? Or should he maintain his silence in front of the demon king?
It was not Felicia but In-gong who needed to respond. Even so, her stomach was hurting. It was really bad for her heart.
Only a few seconds had passed by.
During this period of time that was both short and long, Felicia was caught up in her pained thoughts while everyone was amazed.
“Oh, I was rude. I forgot this is the inner palace of the demon king.”
The sword duke spoke again. He bowed to the demon king in apology and the demon king accepted it with his usual face.
The storm had passed.
However, the calm after the storm wasn’t calm.
Pent-up emotions…
The atmosphere in the Demon King’s Palace was like trying to hide a mess with a big white cloth.
This incident didn’t take long to pass. It was thanks to Isabella, the organizer of the court gathering, remembering her duties.
“9... No, 5th Prince, Silvan Doomblade.”
It was a minor misstep but most people understood the mistake. No, there were many who didn’t even realize the mistake.
For example, Silvan who stepped forward. Additionally, Felicia, who was watching Silvan, felt an intense pain in her stomach and heart again.
‘Silvan! Your hands and feet should go together!’
Why was Silvan the one who had to go out first?
Silvan had received a very big shock because he had always wanted to be noticed by the sword duke. His steps were awkward like a man who had forgotten how to walk, but fortunately, everyone was still in shock. There were a few who noticed Silvan’s mistake, but Silvan was able to show the proper procedure when he reached the demon king. This was due to Silvan having been born as a prince and grown up as one.
Felicia sighed with relief, but she then became tense again.
“6th Princess, Felicia Doomblade.”
Why was she next after Silvan?
Felicia blamed the 3rd Queen Sylvia Doomblade for a moment, then stepped forward gracefully at Isabella's call stepping forward at Isabella’s call.
After that were Chris and Caitlin. Thanks to having some time to prepare, the two people were able to regain their composure and showed much more relaxed appearances than Silvan and Felicia had shown.
Chris was smiling confidently as always while Caitlin had a gentle expression on her face.
Then finally, it was In-gong’s turn.
“9th Prince, Shutra Ignus.”
In-gong’s steps coincided with Isabella’s call. It was like crossing a sea of gazes, but In-gong just smiled.
‘This is the third.’
The fact that humans were creatures of adaptation seemed to fit this perfectly.
As he stood on the right of all the royal children, In-gong got down on one knee before the demon king.
As usual, it was time to announce the merits of all the royal children who participated in the court gathering.
However, this court gathering wasn’t to announce the merits and appreciate the achievements.
After looking at all his children for a moment, the demon king glanced at the sword duke.
"Sword Duke, did you leave the sanctuary a while ago to meet Shutra?”
After the demon king’s question, everyone listened attentively. The fact that the demon king spoke in the court gathering had no great impact now.
Not only was the other person the teacher of the demon king, but the question itself was very interesting.
The sword duke had left the sanctuary.
Moreover, it had been in order to meet the 9th Prince.
Most people in the room didn’t know what the sanctuary was, but the important thing wasn’t the sanctuary. The important thing was that the sword duke had come personally to meet with 9th Prince.
Everyone paid attention to the sword duke’s answer. The sword duke laughed lightly and replied,
"That's correct. It was a short but pleasant meeting. There was the taste of being a teacher.”
It was a short answer, but they were words that absolutely couldn’t be missed.
The taste of teaching…
Felicia’s heart sank. Silvan froze with his mouth hanging open, while 3rd Prince Victor gritted his teeth.
One of the captains opened his mouth and said,
"Sword Duke, does that mean that 9th Prince is your disciple?”
It was Gallehed, the leader of the captains and a sura.
Among the sura, he was born with very rare blonde hair and was a handsome but gentle person.
If he only had a bright smile on his face,Gallehed would have been like the sun. However, for whatever reason, there was always darkness on one corner of his face.
He represented the captains, so they were also interested in the answer.
The sword duke answered the question coolly.
"9th Prince doesn’t use the sword. So, I could only teach him a few things.”
Someone swallowed their saliva.
The storm had ended only to reveal a larger storm.
According to his words, the 9th Prince would have become the sword duke’s disciple if he used a sword.
Even Gallehed, who had asked the question, was shocked. Of course, it had been one of the main possible answers but this was the sword duke who was saying it.
Silvan’s face changed again. Felicia was overwhelmed with the urge to hug Silvan, but she endured it. It was then that she realized the sword duke’s intention:
The sword duke didn’t want to drive In-gong into a crisis.
It was quite the opposite.
'It is a situation in which he is already attracting attention. He is thinking like us.’
It was inevitable that they needed to be vigilant. If so, it was better to make a bigger impression on the people, than the other children of the demon king. It would give In-gong a chance to gather people.
In-gong, Felicia and Chris, they all thought this.
Additionally, it was the same for the sword duke.
It was natural to be vigilant. It was also natural to be alarmed, however, one shouldn't irritate him.
Irritate him…
Unless it was an emotional or extreme situation, they shouldn’t do a preemptive strike.
For most cases of preemptive attacks, the attackers were weaker than the defenders.
‘Simply put, he isn’t easy to deal with.’
The 9th Prince was such a person. He hadn’t been worth touching at all due to having no background.
However, 6th Princess and 7th Prince were now standing behind the 9th Prince. Additionally, the sword duke had revealed himself.
They couldn’t even imagine touching him.
Richard, the draconian among the captains, narrowed his eyes. Yecaderina, a nightmare and another one of the captains, gave a cold smile.
"Interesting."
The demon king said. Then his next words focused all attention on Isabella.
"Go ahead.”
"U-understood!"
Isabella unwittingly answered loudly and licked her lips. With a voice that was trembling slightly, she announced the purpose of this court gathering to everyone.
"This is happening in various places on the periphery of the Demon World.”
With those ominous words, In-gong opened a large light map of the Demon World.
In Knight Saga, the Demon World wasn’t a hell-like place.
It was a place inhabited by many species that could be called humans.
Of course, compare to it was a much more explicit zone compared to the Human World, so it was a land where ruthless and inhuman events often occurred. However, it wasn’t a barbaric land.
In fact, the true place that humans thought of as the Demon World was actually spread out north of the Demon World.
The land of icecaps that existed beyond the Northern Limit Line…
It was an environment that could only be seen as hostile and all types of creatures had adapted to live in this hell.
The biggest role of the generals was to keep the Northern Limit Line from spilling over to here.
Of course, it wasn’t just the land to the north.
Although it wasn’t directly in contact with the buffer zone, the area to the south was also a boundary. Just like how the lands beyond the Northern Limit Line waren’t worth conquering, the south contained multiple small tribes that were enemies of the Demon World.
The northern land, the Human World and the enemies on the periphery…
Was one of them moving?
Isabella explained in solemn tone,
"In the past two months, five areas on the periphery have been attacked by those surrounded by a purple aura. As a result, three of the five areas have become a patch if desert or wilderness.”
Among the five areas shown on the map, Enger Plains was present.
"The first attack occurred at Enger Plains. And like it had been announced at the last court gathering, 6th Princess and 9th Prince managed to block this attack.”
The other four areas were scattered all over the place, without any common ground.
"The last area that got attacked was Spider Forest near the lycanthrope territory. It is special because it isn’t on the edge of the Demon World but requires travelling inward to reach it. It was 5th Prince, 6th Princess, 8th Princess and 9th Prince who prevented the attack on Spider Forest.”
In-gong swallowed his saliva.
Without In-gong knowing it, the Death Knight had been attacking different areas in the Demon World. As a result, three of the five areas had become a patch of desert or wilderness.
‘The guardians were killed.’
Enger Plains had been created with Ainkel’s magic, so it was simple logic to think that it would become a desert if the magic was released.
However, what about the other places? Did the guardians have another role that In-gong didn’t know about?
Anyway, it was already happening. The Death Knight, who wanted the end, was attacking throughout the Demon World.
"There was a report that people with a purple aura appeared in Thunderdoom Fortress. As a result of the series of events, we have determined that this hostile force can’t be overlooked and have summoned you here to smash them.”
Isabella stopped talking for a while before snapping her fingers to transform the map. In addition to the desert and wilderness areas, some turned into a more prominent colour.
"These are the areas that are expected to be attacked. We have summoned the princes and princesses to the Demon King’s Palace in order to defend each region from the enemy’s attack and trace the enemy’s stronghold.”
If he took a step back, it matched the missions he’d had so far.
Isabella looked at In-gong.
"As 9th Prince and 6th Princess were the ones to first detect the enemy and fend off two attacks, they will be given first choice. Do you have an area that you would like to be dispatched to?”
It was a somewhat difficult subject to decide on the spot. However, this was typical for the Demon King’s Palace.
As the sword duke said, the Demon King’s Palace was very familiar with these challenges. They wouldn’t shrink back from a few sudden raids. Instead, it was a place to evaluate the demon king’s children.
In-gong looked at the map. In each area, there was brief information about the characteristics of the region and the troops dispatched to that area.
The ability to pick a region to defend would also be a factor in evaluating the children of the demon king.
In-gong recalled the information he had about each area from Knight Saga, having remembered the rough geographical features.
There was one good place to defend due to the area’s natural characteristics. On the other hand, another area was hard to defend because everywhere was open space.
In-gong laughed at his thoughts. It was a difficult place to defend, so he should avoid it, but his mind naturally went there.
‘General Vandal.’
It was the area he had been dispatched to after taking care of the Red Lightning tribe. Since a crisis was an opportunity, this might be the best chance to acquire General Vandal.
'Of course, that is only if I can win.’
It would be a challenge. In-gong took a deep breath to calm his mind and said,
“I will go to Evian.”
Some people were relieved by In-gong’s declaration while others questioned it. In the end, there were those who laughed at him and said he was only a child.
Evian wasn’t a good place for defense, nor was it very important.
Even Felicia wondered why In-gong chose that place.
However, there was only one person who thought differently.
This person had wanted to go to Evian the moment the map had been opened.
Zephyr narrowed his eyes as he looked at In-gong.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 104 Chapter 17: Test #3.
Chapter 104 - Chapter 17: Test #3
After In-gong, who had the highest priority, made his selection, it was Felicia’s turn.
"6th Princess, please make your selection.”
Isabella said with a gentle smile, but there was some pressure in it.
Telling them to make a choice with almost no time to think...
This was one of the ways of evaluating the demon king’s children, with regards to things like their judgement and determination.
After looking at the map for a moment, Felicia glanced at the pitiful-looking Silvan, then turned to In-gong. She sighed and made a decision,
"As you know, I’m more like a civil servant rather than a military officer. So, instead of taking an area directly, I will take on the role of supporting 9th Prince and go to Evian.”
Unlike her energetic personality, her voice was clear and calm.
Felicia finished speaking and glanced up at the demon king. The demon king didn’t speak directly but nodded to give permission to Felicia.
Felicia had never heard her name being called, but she was satisfied about that small exchange with the demon king. Stealthily, she pressed a hand against her chest to check her heart.
Chris looked at Felicia. She noticed Chris’ gaze and the two people exchanged glances that showed their intentions.
Silvan’s present condition wasn’t that good, so Felicia wanted to embrace and comfort him.
However, she couldn’t do so because this was the court gathering. While thinking about this, Felicia stepped back.
Silvan would recover soon. So, she should think about something else and not about sticking to Silvan.
Felicia didn’t follow In-gong because she wanted to work with him.
Of course, she wanted such a thing inside her heart, but that wasn’t the main reason.
Due to the return of the group and the sword duke’s intervention, In-gong hadn’t made a declaration, but he was recognized as the leader of the fourth faction.
In-gong needed support. Putting aside combat power, Felicia and Chris were the only ones able to assist In-gong in the political field.
However, Chris was a warrior. It was unnatural to say he would go with In-gong when he had a combat power comparable to Silvan’s. That would be an excessive waste of combat power and the Demon King’s Palace wouldn’t accept it.
She didn’t know why In-gong had picked Evian, but she would follow him. After all, they had been together since the Red Lightning Tribe.
After Felicia made her decision, knowing gazes were passed between the people gathered in the hall. It was widely known that Felicia had decided to help In-gong.
"From now on, the selection order will be decided based on the merits accumulated in the Merits Department. 2nd Prince, please make a selection.”
Isabella gazed at Zephyr with gentle eyes. Zephyr then gazed at Evian for a moment, then turned toward the north.
“I will go to Haragal.”
Many people nodded calmly at the 2nd Prince’s declaration.
Haragal was as close to the Northern Limit Line as possible and was regularly attacked by violent creatures. Haragal’s degree of difficulty was higher than Evian’s, never lower.
Of course, nobody could be sure that there would be an actual attack on the area predicted by the Demon King’s Palace or even about the scale of the enemies that would appear.
However, from the outset, Haragal was an important land. Haragal’s land itself wasn’t rich, but there were abundant resources underground including the papunil, that was called the vein of the Demon World.
Haragal was the shield that protected the papunil.
So, 2nd Prince’s choice was expected. If there truly was an attack, then it was the area where the greatest merits could be gained.
‘It is the next best thing since Zephyr was looking at Evian earlier.’
Since In-gong had first opened his eyes in Carack’s barracks, he had been good at reading things.
When In-gong selected Evian, Zephyr clearly had a different reaction from usual. It was difficult to explain, but In-gong was able to sense it.
Zephyr seemed to be pursuing Evian as well.
If so, why? When looked at objectively, Evian wasn’t a good choice.
‘General Vandal.’
The name surfaced reflexively, but In-gong was certain. So, it was good that he sensed it.
Zephyr also seemed to be looking to bring in General Vandal.
In Knight Saga, Zephyr had been able to defeat Vandal at the end of his second year, Year 514. However, that had been in Knight Saga.
It was estimated that this Zephyr was much stronger than the Zephyr of Knight Saga. So, it was possible for the current Zephyr to beat Vandal.
As an adult, Zephyr was able to move freely and choose his own missions just like Silvan and Felicia. However, it wasn’t possible for him to meet with military personnel any time he wanted.
So, maybe Zephyr thought about using this situation as an opportunity.
‘It is quite plausible. Then shouldn’t I hurry and get Nayatra and Sektum as well?’
They had been his three favourite subordinates in Knight Saga.
Succubus Knight Nayatra, the Worst Necromancer Sektum and the Ogre Warrior Vandal...
‘I have to hurry and visit the slave auction house where Nayatra is. It is necessary to secure Nayatra before securing Sektum.’
Caitlin’s birth secret had been the beginning of the lycanthrope subjugation.
The one who had obtained this information had been Nayatra. There was no guarantee that she would get the information, but he had to block Zephyr from acquiring her.
While In-gong was thinking, 1st Prince Baikal made his choice. Baikal also made a sensible choice.
Next, 4th Princess Anastasia made her decision. Her choice didn’t overlap with In-gong’s, Zephyr’s or Baikal’s.
3rd Prince Victor chose to support Anastasia and the demon king allowed it.
From In-gong to Anastasia, the leaders of each faction chose different areas and there were now only two areas left unselected.
"5th Prince, please make your selection.”
Silvan jumped at Isabella’s call and chose a place close to Evian.  As there had been no abnormality when In-gong, Zephyr and the others made the selections, he had managed to restore most of his composure.
Now, there was only one area left and Chris and Caitlin, the siblings, had the opportunity to choose.
Everyone thought they knew what the lycanthrope siblings would choose, so they thought there would be nothing else worth seeing.
Chris would choose the remaining area and Caitlin would follow.
It wasn’t a bad thing. This was a good but reasonable choice.
However, Chris just laughed and exchanged glances with Caitlin who nodded.
“I will go to Kaltu.”
Chris said the name of the remaining area.
The selections were now as good as over. Isabella turned to Caitlin with a gentle expression.
"8th Princess, please make your selection.”
“I will go to Evian.”
"I understand. Evian... huh?”
Isabella cried out involuntarily. Gellahed, who was standing with the other captains, also looked at Caitlin with confused eyes.
Caitlin took a deep breath and spoke calmly,
“9th Prince Shutra is still young compared to the other princes and princesses. 6th Princess is helping, but 6th Princess is a scholar and not a warrior. I am inexperienced as well, but I am a warrior. So, I think I would make a decent balance with 9th Prince and 6th Princess.”
Her words were reasonable.
9th Prince had only started to stand out a few months ago.
Moreover, the Demon King’s Palace didn’t yet know In-gong’s real strength, so they didn’t think he would be stronger than Caitlin.
Isabella, who thought Caitlin was going to follow Chris, looked at the demon king with a puzzled faced. The demon king nodded again to express his permission.
It was a reasonable decision. From the beginning, the Demon King’s Palace had thought Caitlin would go with Chris. However, Chris was much stronger than In-gong. So, there was no reason to refuse to let her accompany In-gong when they would have allowed her to accompany Chris.
"You have completed your area selections. Princes and Princesses, five days from today, you will start moving to each area. The information regarding the purple aura enemies will be sent to your homes.”
Thus, the main agenda of the court gathering was over. As usual, there were a few ceremonial events to end the court gathering.
In-gong took a deep breath and looked around. The sword duke was smiling with an unknown expression while the demon king was as expressionless as always.
Gallehed was gazing at Caitlin with worry, while Yecaderina, the nightmares captain, was giving a lovely smile.
As for Richard...
The leader of the draconians and one of the strongest captains aside from Gallehed—
He had been In-gong’s strongest ally when In-gong played Zephyr. However, at this moment, Richard was looking down at In-gong with a ferocious smile. In-gong ignored Richard’s gaze and turned to Zephyr.
At that moment, Zephyr turned his gaze to In-gong as though he had been waiting for it and their gazes met in midair.
&
"I’m tired, tired, tired!”
As soon as they returned to the waiting room, Felicia threw herself onto a large sofa and screamed.
Although it was far from polite, the people in the waiting room were all close to Felicia, so there was no need for politeness.
Felicia waved her arms and legs and kept sighing.
"Ah, the sword duke is a fool. A person like that isn’t good for my heart. He should tell us in advance.”
It had been a few days since the group had arrived at the Demon King’s Palace. It would have been nice if he sent a simple message during that time. Despite that, he still insisted on surprising them today.
“S-sword Duke.”
Silvan sat down next to Felicia and clutched his chest. Felicia felt sorry for Silvan and hugged him tightly.
"My poor Silvan.”
He really wanted to become the sword duke’s disciple.
As Felicia patted Silvan’s back with gentle eyes, Chris turned his gaze to In-gong and said in a lively voice,
"Anyway, his actions were helpful. At today’s court gathering, the sword duke practically announced that he is supporting Shutra. By the way, it is strange. How did you manage to catch the sword duke’s heart? What is the secret? I want to learn how to do it.”
Silvan’s eyes flashed as he also wanted to learn the secret. In-gong just grinned awkwardly and replied,
"I don’t know.”
The sword duke’s favor derived from In-gong’s uniqueness and the demon king’s interest. So, the other princes wouldn’t be able to apply to this.
Felicia, who was still hugging Silvan, asked Chris suddenly,
"Chris, is it okay for Caitlin to not go with you?”
Felicia was also surprised when Caitlin said she would go with In-gong instead of Chris.
Chris replied with a shrug,
"It is bittersweet, but it will be more helpful than if she stays with me. It seems like the performance of the Moonlight Core and Starlight Core is better than expected.”
It had only been about 10 days or so, but In-gong and Caitlin had shown a huge growth in their aura over the last 10 days. The synergy between the Moonlight Core and Starlight Core was truly amazing.
Chris patted Caitlin’s head and asked,
"Caitlin, unlike Spider Forest, this might be a moderately long mission. Is that okay?”
"Yes, it is okay.”
Unlike the time at the lycanthrope house, Caitlin answered with a bright smile. There was no unease at all.
"Really bittersweet."
Chris complained with slumped shoulders and Felicia laughed. She was still holding onto Silvan when she said,
"Well, today’s work is over. The enemies with the purple aura, the sword duke... There are many things to talk about, but I want to rest for a while. Isn’t that right, Silvan?”
“Hu... Sword Duke.”
Silvan nodded reflexively. At that moment...
"Huh? Did you call me?”
The sword duke’s voice was heard from behind them. Startled, Felicia jumped up from her seat and looked back.
“S-sword Duke?”
It truly was the sword duke. He laughed from the door of the waiting room, then he pinched Felicia’s cheeks.
"This princess is still a baby. Aigoo, so cute.”
Felicia’s face was red while Silvan was stunned. The sword duke laughed and moved on.
“Ohh, 8th Princess. You are much bigger up close. I have to try it once.”
“Huh? Kyak?!”
There was no time to reply. Just like he had done to Felicia at Thunderdoom Fortress, he placed his hands between Caitlin’s arms and raised her up high.
"Higher, higher!”
As if he was playing with a little child, he kept spinning Caitlin.
At Thunderdoom Fortress, Felicia had screamed to be put down, but Caitlin was different. At first, she was panicked, but then she started to enjoy it. If she was to speak, she would say how amazing it was.
"Well, this is still fun. So adorable.”
The word truly fit Caitlin who had red cheeks and sparkling eyes.
After greeting Felicia and Caitlin, the sword duke turned toward In-gong. In-gong regained his composure and spoke calmly,
“I greet the sword duke.”
"I greet you as well. 5th Prince and 7th Prince too, it is a pleasure.”
“Greetings.”
“G-greetings.”
Chris and Silvan greeted him as well. Chris was a little wary of the sword duke, while Silvan seemed eager to talk to him.
However, the first one to say something wasn’t a prince or princess.
“Look, what happened all of a sudden?”
It was Carack who asked.
Silvan was astonished while Chris flinched.
Carack had just casually asked the sword duke a question.
However, Felicia had already adapted to Carack, while Delia, Seira and Sepira just admired Carack’s boldness.
The sword duke just laughed pleasantly like he had at Thunderdoom Fortress and said to In-gong,
"I came to ask 9th Prince something. There is a story I would like to share, but I also have a request.”
"A request?”
"Yes. I can only ask Prince."
The sword duke said with a laugh. There was mischief in his eyes, similar to when he played with Felicia and Caitlin.
"Can Prince invite me to your mansion? I want to see that person.”
&
"Ya, ya! Stay away! Don’t tease me! Why the hell did you bring this brat? I decided we’re to keep it a secret! This is a breach of contract!”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 105 Chapter 17: Test #4.
Chapter 105 - Chapter 17: Test #4
"Ya, ya! Stay away! Don’t tease me! Why the hell did you bring this brat? I had decided we’re to keep it a secret! This is a breach of contract!”
Amita banged their tail against the floor.
It seemed like they were angrier than usual.
However, as usual, the party didn’t pay attention to Amita’s anger.
"The raccoon wearing glasses is cute!”
Caitlin patted her cheeks and sighed.
Caitlin’s eyes shone brightly when she saw Amita wearing large, round glasses.
That wasn’t all. Amita was squatting on the floor and embroidering a piece of cloth that Daphne was holding.
"Raccoon person, what are you doing?”
Carack asked the question that the party was curious about and Amita hit the ground with their tail again.
"Can't you tell just by looking? I am embroidering!”
There were coloured threads on a needle and a green cloth that fit well with Daphne. Felicia sighed when she saw the embroidery.
This was because they were sophisticated magic patterns and not just decorative embroidery.
However, the rest of the people just saw Amita’s small hands holding a needle.
“Cute...”
Caitlin said once again, and Delia and Seira nodded in agreement.
Amita cried out again,
"Aish! Why did he come here?! And you! Don’t smile or laugh! That expression is annoying!”
The target of Amita’s needle was the sword duke, who laughed and pointed at Amita’s neck.
"Amita, that necklace is something else. Did you change your job into a pet or something?”
A collar meant it was an animal with a master. Although it was necessary to disguise Amita as an ordinary raccoon, a collar was still a collar.
“Kiiii! This is a fashion item! Fashion!”
Amita jumped up and exclaimed, causing the sword duke to laugh even more. Daphne embraced Amita from behind.
"Amita, calm down. It suits you very well.”
"Ohh...”
Although they were supposed to be comforting words, Amita’s shoulders sagged after hearing that the collar fit them. Their voice also became heavy like they felt a sudden fatigue.
"Why the hell did you bring him anyway? I had decided to keep it a secret.”
As Amita directed the question to In-gong, the sword duke then opened his mouth again.
"I asked him to invite me. I heard that 9th Prince’s party arrived with a raccoon, so I thought it might be you.”
They hadn’t had one with them at Thunderdoom Fortress, so he was sure it was Amita when a raccoon suddenly appeared.
“However, it is really surprising. I told them your location but... I honestly hadn’t expected you to accept the commission or to follow them.”
"It is a long story, very long...”
Amita sighed with a grim expression.
Felicia glanced at Amita and asked in a cautious voice,
"Then Amita, how is your progress now?”
“What? Don’t ask, don’t ask! I hate people who pressure me about orders the most!”
Amita kicked their arms and legs from within Daphne’s arms. The startled Felicia quickly explained,
"I’m not trying to pressure you. It's just that Silvan will go to a different place from us in a week. I want to give him the sword before that.”
“Felicia.”
Silvan stared at Felicia with moist eyes like he was touched. However, Felicia just pushed him aside and asked Amita again,
"How is it?"
It was for the sake of a brother and sister. Amita was weak in this regard and shook their head quietly.
"Uhh, I’ve drafted the blueprint but haven’t started working on it yet. It is possible if I raise the priority of the sword from now on but...”
Amita glanced at Felicia and Silvan and sighed. It was because of Felicia’s words and Silvan’s eager expression.
"Well, I am tired of making armor, but the exterior will be simple. It will be like the sword duke’s sword.”
Amita pointed to the sword hanging from the sword duke’s waist and the sword duke caressed it with a cheerful face.
"Simplicity is best.”
As they had already seen at Thunderdoom Fortress, there were no decorations on the sword duke’s sword. The sheath was shabby and the handle simple.
However, Silvan nodded like he liked it.
“Thank you. I will wait happily.”
He was pleased about the fact that it would be similar to the sword duke’s sword. It was something that Silvan would have asked for.
Once Amita gave their permission, Felicia looked at In-gong and Caitlin with an apologetic expression.
“Shutra, Caitlin, I’m sorry. Please understand.”
“Yes, Unni. I’m fine.”
"I'm okay."
Caitlin and In-gong answered coolly. Caitlin thought that Felicia had a good heart.
While In-gong… he had plenty of things to receive from Amita. 'And... I am going to take Amita on this journey.’
Silvan was going to a different area, so it was reasonable to supply him with his equipment first.
"Uhh, I am getting chills all of a sudden.”
Amita suddenly shivered like they heard In-gong’s thoughts.
"By the way, are you leaving after a week?”
"Yes, there is a new mission.”
Felicia answered Amita’s question. Amita frowned, then they said to In-gong,
“Um... 9th Prince, give me Earth Quaker and White Eagle. I will go ahead with their readjustment. I’ll have to hurry.”
"Will it be possible in time?”
“I will see. It isn’t a new item but a readjustment.”
Earth Quaker and White Eagle could be said to be In-gong’s main force. As the period of unavailability increased, it would become more burdensome. It would be good to do it while in the relatively safe Demon King’s Palace.
"Well, it is good to see you. I won’t be staying in the Demon King’s Palace for a long time, but I will often come to visit.”
The sword duke laughed as he spoke and Amita waved their hand with a sour expression.
"You will disturb my work. Don't come, don't come. Don’t laugh.”
“Amita.”
Daphne soothed Amita in an affectionate voice. It worked as Amita shook their tail and said,
“Well, yes. That reminds me, I have one thing to show you. I completed it over the past few days. It is a good feeling when something is completed.”
"Ohh, what is it?”
Carack asked Amita excitedly.
"Your shield. Well, it is for 9th Prince, but it will be yours.”
“Ohh!”
"Come along to the workshop."
Amita jumped out of Daphne’s arms and walked out of the room. Carack looked at In-gong, clearly asking for permission, and In-gong gave it to him.
“Go.”
"I’m going.”
Carack walked out of the room with light steps. The sword duke said with a smile,
"Amita now has many friends. You’ve made a good bond.”
"It is thanks to Sword Duke’s introduction.”
"Anyone can receive an introduction, but it is uncommon for anyone to move Amita. You don’t need to be so modest.”
As he said those good words, Felicia raised her hand and asked,
"Sword Duke, what happened today? Is there any more detailed information about the enemies on the periphery?”
"I’ve heard many things and the atmosphere around the Demon King’s Palace is bad. Even if the demon king doesn’t mind you competing against each other, the royal children shouldn’t harm each other. Well, it is also good that I saw 9th Prince.”
As Felicia had guessed, the sword duke had intervened to help protect In-gong.
Moreover, the sword duke’s words were true.
Even in Knight Saga, the children of the demon king never tried to harm each other by sending assassins or poisoning the food. As the sword duke said, the demon king didn’t want that. Those who tried to attack their siblings would receive the wrath of the demon king.
The sword duke then answered Felicia’s second question,
"The enemies on the periphery... Unfortunately, that information is to be distributed by the Merits Department. There is no such thing as specially hidden information.”
After returning to the mansion from the court gathering, they had met Amita straight away, so there hadn’t been a chance to check the information.
The sword duke then said,
"I’ll just say one thing. An enemy with the strength of that spearman, who showed up at Thunderdoom Fortress, hasn’t appeared.”
The Demon King’s Palace was dispatching the princes and princesses.
The surface reason was to defend each area.
However, if In-gong stepped back and looked at it, that wasn’t the whole truth. They were dispatching the princes and princesses knowing that enemies with the purple aura would appear.
In addition to that, there was a second reason.
Dispatching the princes and princesses to the outside meant that the defenses in certain areas would be strengthened. In other words, the intention was to destroy the will to attack itself.
Of course, the places where the princes and princesses were dispatched were important areas that needed to be guarded.
The basic plan was for the princes and princesses to defend the area and trace the source of the purple aura.
After hearing the sword duke’s words, In-gong recalled Zephyr’s face.
He had wanted to go to Evian.
Currently, In-gong was opposing the Death Knight and Famine Knight. However, when talking about his ultimate enemy, he couldn’t help thinking of Zephyr.
'I have to hurry.’
He had to secure Nayatra and accumulate the power to become the demon king.
'I have to go to the library. I don’t know if I can get the information needed at my current merit level, but it would be better than not checking.’
This was to prepare for the Death Knight.
Along with the Four Knights of the Apocalypse, he needed more information about Conquest, War, Death and Famine going against the elder dragons:
The extinction of a native species;
The purpose of the Death Knight in killing the guardians;
The intense affection Famine and Death had toward Conquest;
And Watcher Ainkel’s murder 1,000 years ago...
The keywords were scattered all over the place. There had to be a central axis connecting them.
Amita and Carack came back while In-gong was deep in thought.
“Prince, look at this! Didn’t it turn out well?”
Carack held out a shield excitedly. It was a diamond shaped, black shield made of black dragon scales and leather.
"It is a little rough, but it is a tough shield.”
Amita said with a proud smile.
In-gong asked Carack,
"Can I hold it for a moment?”
"Here you go."
Carack handed the shield to In-gong. Not only was the appearance crude, but it had a considerable weight.
As In-gong held the shield, letters made of light appeared in front of him.
[Strength has increased by 5.]
[Persistence has increased by 5.]
[Durability has increased by 5.]
[Built-in skill: Unite has been acquired.]
“Huh? Unite?”
In-gong muttered and Amita’s eyes shone.
"Heok, did you notice?”
“Huh? What does that mean? Unite?"
Carack asked with wide eyes. Amita responded with a laugh,
"There are additional parts. They can join with your shield.
"Additional parts?”
"Prince, give the shield back to the orc. Orc, the trigger word is caltos.”
At Amita’s prompt, In-gong passed the shield back to Carack. Carack equipped the shield on his right arm, swallowed his saliva and shouted,
“Caltos!”
The moment he shouted, there were shouts outside in the hallway. It sounded like there was a struggle.
In-gong, Silvan and Chris responded to the sound, but the sword duke raised his hand and restrained them. The reason soon appeared.
“Ohh! Ohhh!”
Additional parts flew from Amita’s workshop and clung to Carack’s shield with a loud clang. The servants were surprised due to the extra parts.
With the addition of all the extra parts, Carack’s shield nearly doubled in size. It was like looking at a big, solid gate.
“It has magic reflection ability and the physical defense also increases significantly. When it comes to simple defense, it is better than White Eagle. Don’t worry, I’ve thought of an easy way to carry the additional parts.”
Amita raised their chin proudly, then the forgotten Green Wind’s upset voice was heard in In-gong’s ear.
‘Ah, no. My presence...’
In-gong laughed and said to Amita,
"Will you be able to readjust White Eagle?”
“It will be an interesting challenge.”
It was an equipment from an elder dragon.
Green Wind sighed with relief at Amita’s answer and the others were full of expectations for their equipment.
It was at that moment...
A bell rang a few times and Flora entered the room. She was embarrassed to see the group of excited people but soon return to her usual calm expression.
"9th Prince, a letter from the 1st Prince has arrived for you.”
“From Baikal orabeoni?”
Instead of replying to Felicia’s question, Flora handed the letter to In-gong.
All eyes were focused on In-gong as he opened it.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 106 Chapter 17: Test #5.
Chapter 106 - Chapter 17: Test #5
In-gong opened the sealed red envelope and pulled out a beautifully folded piece of stationery.
Although it was a somewhat slow response, In-gong tilted the letter gently and smelled it.
It didn’t seem to be poisoned.
Flora would have confirmed it already, so it would be a big deal if something was wrong. However, In-gong had Hundred Poisons Resistance, so he confirmed it himself.
After completing a rough check, In-gong opened the letter, on which there were words written in a beautiful font.
My dear brother, Shutra Ignus,
I don’t know what is going on, but all of my siblings are gathered at the Demon King’s Palace.
Although we couldn’t communicate properly at the court gathering, it was very nice to see everyone’s faces.
Shutra, as you know, all of us have the same mission this time. The departure will be in one week.
This is an important mission that involves danger to the Demon World, but I think it is a great opportunity. After all, it is uncommon for all of us to gather at the Demon King’s Palace.
Before we leave on our missions in a week’s time, I hope to have a meeting between siblings. Wouldn’t it be nice to see each other’s faces and have a good chat?
Two days before departure, in the afternoon, I will hold a small tea party where all of our siblings are invited.
I’d like to invite you.
-Baikal Ragnaros.’
The contents were simple and affectionate for a letter written by royalty, but the royalty of the Demon World was different from the human world.
In-gong read it quickly and handed the letter over to the curious Chris and Felicia.
“Baikal orabeoni.”
Felicia nodded and turned to ask Flora a question. She asked in a friendly tone,
"Flora, was there anything else?”
"I’ve been told that in addition to 9th Prince, the same letter has been delivered to the mansions of the other princes and princesses.”
The letter was an invitation to all the children of the demon king. Chris smiled and said with narrowed eyes,
"A tea party involving all the children of the demon king. This is the first time.”
In the first place, it was rare for all the children of the demon king to be gathered at the castle.
Caitlin, who wanted to get close to the other children of the demon king, thought the idea of a joint tea party was brilliant.
Felicia alternated looking between Chris and Caitlin and shrugged.
"Like Baikal orabeoni said, a gathering like this is uncommon. Even if everyone is gathered, we will soon scatter. Anyway, isn’t Baikal orabeoni very busy?”
Not only did Baikal take missions as the eldest son of the demon king, he was also on the forefront as a general.
He spent most of the year on the frontlines, so he didn’t stay at the Demon King’s Palace.
A joint tea party.
All the children of the demon king gathered in one place.
The expression in Chris’ eyes became complicated.
"I don’t feel like it.”
As expected from Chris.
It was rare for the lycanthrope siblings to attend official events, so it went without saying that the result would be the same for information gatherings such a tea parties.
'Certainly, he didn’t attend in Knight Saga either.’
Although it was different this time, Baikal had held several joint tea parties in Knight Saga. The participants had been different every time and there were some who never participated.
Caitlin’s expression became grumpy as she heard Chris’ murmur. Her eyes asked, ‘Will we also be absent this time?’
Chris pinched Caitlin’s cheeks. He laughed and turned toward In-gong.
“However, this time, we won’t be alone. I will follow everyone’s will."
Caitlin’s eyes widened. She turned towards In-gong and Felicia, and Felicia spoke with a mischievous expression.
"The purpose itself isn’t bad. I don’t think Baikal orabeoni will be orchestrating something bad. Though... it is a little uncomfortable meeting Zephyr orabeoni and Anastasia unni at this point.”
So, was she participating or not?
Felicia felt Caitlin’s nervousness and nodded with a loud laugh.
"I will participate."
"I will follow Felicia’s will.”
Silvan agreed. In-gong was the only one left.
“Shutra?”
Caitlin's voice was impatient. Instead of answering, In-gong raised his arm slowly with a very serious expression. Caitlin’s expression showed ‘restlessness’ while Felicia and Chris tried not to laugh.
In-gong said with a smile,
“I need to participate. There is no reason not to.”
Caitlin’s expression became brighter. It was like a flower was in full bloom.
"It is nice to have a good relationship between siblings.”
“Sword Duke.”
The sword duke interrupted their conversation with a laugh and got up.
"Prince, I will go back now. I will be sure to go out the front gate.”
The sword duke had visited the 9th Prince’s mansion.
The meaning of that one fact was quite large and it was impossible for the sword duke to not know the meaning of it.
"Thank you for your consideration."
In-gong shook hands with the sword duke.
"I don’t know if I should be praised for that. Also, if possible, I’d like to see you once again before you leave. I am curious about the progress of the Divine Sura Authority.”
"Okay, do check our achievements before we leave.”
Silvan’s eyes shone as he heard the conversation. His nervous face resembled Caitlin’s, who was eager to participate in the tea party.
However, Silvan could not get any words out. This was due to another person speaking.
"If you’re leaving, go quickly. Why are you talking for so long?”
Amita slammed their tail against the ground angrily. The sword duke laughed and looked down at Amita.
"I’m glad that you’re so cute.”
"What cuteness? I’m not cute!”
Amita protested, but it wasn’t very convincing.
The sword duke didn’t stay any longer.
“I’m going.”
He said briefly and left. Flora hurriedly followed behind the sword duke.
Amita glanced after the sword duke, then looked up at In-gong.
"I’m tired. 9th Prince, can you give me Earth Quaker and White Eagle now? I will work on it immediately.”
Having Amita as his personal craftsman was something In-gong had never dreamt about until now. Amita’s head would be full of the readjustment for the next week.
Felicia quickly interrupted.
"Amita, what about Silvan’s sword?”
"Don't pressure me, no pressure.”
Amita looked up at In-gong and he nodded, pulling out White Eagle and Earth Quaker from his inventory.
"Thank you, Amita.”
 “Yes.”
Chris, Caitlin and Felicia knew about the inventory, so they didn’t react… but Silvan was surprised by the sudden appearance of White Eagle and Earth Quaker.
However, no one explained it to Silvan, and Amita wasn’t curious.
Amita used their ability to float White Eagle and Earth Quaker in the air, then looked at Daphne.
"Daphne, I’ll finish the embroidery in the workshop.”
“Yes, Amita.”
Daphne picked up the embroidery and left the room with Amita. Now, only the royal children and their aides remained in the room.
Felicia sank back onto a soft chair and said,
"I would like to rest, but I think we should talk about the schedule.”
They would leave the Demon King’s Palace in one week. There were many things to do in the meantime.
"Baikal orabeoni’s tea party is a tea party, but there is also another meeting. It’s a meeting with the concubine children who follow Chris and me. Additionally, we should invite any concubine children who want to join our faction.”
Now that they had created a faction, it was time to fill it up.
Chris spoke as well,
"It is a little difficult to meet the nobles because there isn’t much time left. Still, it will be good to meet the dark elves.”
Due to 4th Queen Elaine, the lycanthropes gave their support, but the dark elves were still on the fence. Although Felicia and Silvan supported In-gong, compared to the lycanthropes, their support was uncertain.
He had met the 4th Queen, Elaine. So, sooner or later he would need to meet with the 3rd Queen.
In-gong recalled the Demon King’s Palace before shrugging.
“Let’s just have a large scale social gathering.”
In Knight Saga, meetings like these were coordinated by the butler and escort knight, Nayatra. This time, he would entrust the work to experts and not bother with the matter seeing as he had Chris and Felicia.
Felicia narrowed her eyes and said,
"Let’s invite the concubine children the day after Baikal orabeoni’s tea party. There will be rumours about the invitation, so they will try to gather information about we are doing and question us.”
Chris nodded in agreement.
Carack represented the others in the group as he asked,
“Uh... Princess, isn’t it just a tea party?”
Why did things like ‘gather information’ and ‘question’ suddenly come out?
Felicia sighed and said with a bitter expression,
"On the surface, yes. Inwardly, it is different.”
It wouldn’t be easy. They didn’t know about Baikal, but Zephyr and Anastasia would be present. In particular, Anastasia alone was a problem.
Caitlin’s face became depressed at Felicia’s concern. It was far from the friendly gathering that she had been expecting.
Chris saw Caitlin’s expression and changed the topic.
“By the way Shutra, why did you pick Evian? Is it because of General Vandal?”
Felicia was also curious about this. If they looked at it objectively, Evian was the worst choice.
In-gong replied lightly,
"That’s correct. We met during the Red Lightning tribe mission. I wanted to meet someone who I knew and missed. I also want to strengthen ties with General Vandal.”
He didn’t say that he wanted to take Vandal as a subordinate after a head-to-head showdown.
However, Chris nodded when he heard ‘strengthen ties’.
"General Vandal... he is obviously outstanding. It would be nice to increase your standing with other generals, but strengthening ties to Vandal is a good choice. I am convinced.”
Chris had decided to support In-gong, but he wouldn’t do it without thinking. He needed a reason for In-gong’s actions.
"Though, isn’t there another reason?”
Carack said, scratching his chin. It seemed like he had spoken without thinking.
Perhaps due to Carack’s influence, In-gong also answered without thinking.
"There is a place nearby that I would like to visit.”
"Where do you want to go?”
The confused Felicia asked. In-gong recalled Nayatra and said,
"Um, do you know Takar’s slave auction house... What’s with all these faces?”
Felicia’s eyes had narrowed while Silvan’s eyes had widened, and Chris had simply burst out laughing.
Caitlin was the only one confused, and Chris started talking,
"Shutra, don’t you know what the city of Takar and Takar’s slave auction house is?”
"Eung?”
In-gong recalled the Takar slave auction house that he had seen in Knight Saga.
Takar, the city of entertainment and pleasure.
It was the so-called red light district of the Demon World...
And the slave auction house was called Takar’s flower. There were more skin colours there than any other place in the Demon World.
"Hrrmm, I see. Shutra picked Evian due to Takar’s slave auction house. There must be something you want to buy there.”
Felicia’s eyes were cold.
"Ah, no. So...”
In-gong tried to come up with an excuse, but there was nothing to say.
He couldn’t say that he wanted to go to the slave auction house to buy a slave, and not just any slave, but a succubus.
‘Ah, no. I’m just trying to get my subordinate, Nayatra, back.’
As In-gong didn’t say anything, Felicia’s eyes became colder, while Silvan clicked his tongue. He knocked against In-gong’s shoulder and said,
"Well, it is natural to be curious about such things. It is understandable.”
Silvan winked as he spoke. Of course, he only had one eye, so it looked like he was just closing his eyes.
“Unni, what is Takar?”
Caitlin asked and Felicia whispered into Caitlin’s ear. Caitlin’s face turned red instantly.
“Shutra is too much.”
What was this?
As the women’s eyes turned cold, Chris knocked against In-gong’s shoulder like Silvan had done and left the room with the others. Now, only In-gong and Carack remained in the room.
In-gong sighed deeply and Carack watched from beside him. He said with a warm smile,
"Prince, you are also a man.”
In-gong sighed again and Green Wind appeared out of nowhere to hug him.
&
Early the next morning, In-gong visited the large library.
However, it was as he had feared. His merit level was still low, so he could only visit the surface level of the big library.
He searched through various books in the library all morning but couldn’t find any traces of the Four Knights of the Apocalypse or the extinct species.
Fortunately, there were quite a lot of books about the elder dragons, so In-gong picked out several books that would be helpful.
‘I’ll have to enter the depths to get more accurate information.’
Unfortunately, it seemed necessary to wait.
In-gong spent time in the library reading books about the elder dragon, then went to practice with Caitlin. He almost visited Amita’s workshop several times but couldn’t see anything properly since Amita wasn’t finished.
So after four days, it was two days before their departure.
The day of Baikal’s tea party.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 107 Chapter 17: Test #6.
Chapter 107 - Chapter 17: Test #6
Knight Saga often had tea party events.
Zephyr, the protagonist of the Demon World, could hold them himself or he could accept the invitation of the other royal children.
The function of the tea party was a social meeting. As it wasn’t an official event like the court gathering, it was smaller in size, but a greater degree of socialization was available.
The tea parties were for collecting and exchanging information, discovering new talents, maintaining their reputation and various media play.
‘Sometimes the “haha” and “hoho” along with the tea and cakes makes it seem far from a meeting.’
Although it wasn’t a court gathering, In-gong was dressed formally when he climbed into the carriage that Flora called. Felicia, Silvan, Caitlin and Chris were already on the carriage as they had decided to go together in order to show that a new faction had formed.
Felicia was wearing a white dress that contrasted beautifully with her brown skin. Among the members here, she was the most experienced with tea parties. She was well aware of the ‘correct meaning’ of the tea party.
On the other hand, Caitlin accepted the tea party at face value and was laughing. Her rosy cheeks and sparkling eyes showed that she had high expectations for this.
She had on a subdued blue dress, and Chris was looking out the window with a scruffy face. He was dressed in a black suit similar to what he had worn to the court gathering, but it was obvious that he didn’t want to participate in the tea party.
Silvan was looking more colourful than usual, looking like a sailor wearing a dress suit.
Chris looked at Silvan who had shifted to make room for In-gong. It seemed like it was burdensome for Silvan to sit directly opposite Chris.
Once Carack and In-gong took their places, the carriage started moving again. Five of the royal children and four aides were on board, but it didn’t feel crowded because it was a large carriage.
Baikal’s mansion was located in the eastern part of the Demon King’s Palace, and it looked more like a military fortress than a mansion.
The overall impression was sharp and pointed, while the dragon sculptures in various places created a sense of oppression.
Baikal’s troops were draconians. The blood of a dragon ran through them, so the people in the mansion would have considerable combat power.
'Indeed, the 1st Prince...’
Even if the order of birth was unrelated to succession in the Demon World, the eldest son was still the eldest son. As the first born and child of the demon king that had lived the longest, he received more expectations and support than the other children of the demon king.
It was one year ahead of Knight Saga, so In-gong wasn’t sure of the current situation, but Baikal should be getting more support than Zephyr from the draconians.
If he had to estimate the ratio, it would be 3:2.
With only 60%, it wasn’t a species-wide support, but the draconians were so fearsome that it was more than the support that some of the other royal children received.
They were guided to the reception room where the organizer of the tea party, Baikal, welcomed them.
"Everybody came together."
Baikal was a young man with neatly brushed hair who gave off a pleasant impression.
The pair of horns on his head, which could be called the symbol of the draconians, pointed straight to the sky and seemed to reveal Baikal’s 
straight-lined
 heart.
He was tall and broad-shouldered, but his muscles weren’t big like Chris and Carack.
The eldest one was Silvan, but he was Felicia’s escort, so he allowed her to greet Baikal first. It was a bit ambiguous since they were twins, but due to the female centered nature of the dark elves, Felicia was always the first to say hello.
Felicia bowed elegantly.
"Thank you for inviting me to the tea party, Baikal orabeoni.”
"Thank you for accepting my invitation.”
Baikal embraced Felicia and Silvan lightly, then turned to Chris and Caitlin.
Chris greeted him first,
“It is great to see 1st Prince.”
He didn’t kneel down, but the greeting was reminiscent of the court gathering. Baikal gave an embarrassed smile at Chris’ distant attitude.
“Chris, don’t be so stiff.”
“Thank you for your consideration.”
Chris still answered formally, so Baikal couldn’t help frowning. However, that only lasted for a moment. He greeted Caitlin with a bright expression,
"Isn’t this the first time I’ve seen you outside of a court gathering? It is great to see you, Caitlin.”
“Yes, Oppa.”
Caitlin responded shyly. Baikal laughed at how Caitlin’s reaction was completely different reaction from Chris’ and hugged her.
Finally, it was In-gong’s turn.
This time, Baikal greeted him first.
"Shutra, it has been a really long time since I’ve seen you face to face.”
"Yes, Hyung-nim.”
In-gong responded smoothly as he looked into Baikal’s eyes.
It was because there was no information about the original relationship between Baikal and Shutra.
'Maybe there weren’t any exchanges.’
The draconians, Baikal’s mother’s side, and the Gandharva, Shutra’s mother’s side, were enemies.
However, Baikal then said words that In-gong couldn’t imagine.
“Isn’t it your birthday pretty soon? The gifts this year are insufficient. I will send it to your mansion on your birthday as always.”
In-gong panicked. Birthday? Did this mean that he sent a birthday present every year?
In-gong was reminded of the Day of Massacre.
Baikal had held the bodies of his siblings and sobbed. He had been furious at Zephyr and had gone crazy.
If it was Baikal, he might actually be interested in Shutra.
Baikal would know roughly when In-gong’s birthday was. Perhaps he had sent a couple of gifts a year. As the oldest, Baikal would care for Shutra, who was the youngest son. Despite not being children of the same house, they were still children of the demon king. However, no one else had cared about Shutra.
"Thank you.”
There was sincerity in In-gong’s voice. Clearly, In-gong’s reaction had pleased Baikal as he then said in an affectionate voice,
"It is natural between siblings. I should pamper you a bit more.”
His bright smile matched his tender voice.
Baikal led the party towards the reception area. There was already a guest who had arrived first.
“Zephyr came first. Zephyr, say hello to your younger siblings.”
Just like the others, Baikal treated Zephyr as a sibling.
At Baikal’s words, Zephyr looked at In-gong’s party and bowed slightly.
Felicia and Silvan laughed like they had expected this, while Chris sneered.
...And In-gong was convinced.
If Baikal was the light, then Zephyr was the darkness. It would have been awkward if Zephyr laughed and welcomed them like Baikal.
Zephyr, who had long blood red hair, didn’t reveal his feelings but gave off an enormous presence just by sitting there.
Baikal sighed like there was nothing he could do and assigned a seat to each of the party members. Silvan, Felicia, Chris, Caitlin and In-gong were all seated opposite Zephyr.
They didn’t wait long since the time had already been set. After finishing the seating arrangements, a bell sounded to announce the arrival of 3rd Prince Victor and 4th Princess Anastasia.
Baikal also greeted Victor and Anastasia with a bright smile. The two of them were seated beside Zephyr, with Anastasia naturally being a considerable distance away from him.
Finally, all nine of the demon king’s children had gathered. Baikal, who sat in the organizer’s seat, started the tea party with some prepared tea and cookies.
As Felicia had predicted, Baikal led the conversation into a friendly chat. However, he avoided topics that seemed somewhat sensitive, such as In-gong and the sword duke. It seemed as though he was going to avoid all topics that would stimulate competition.
Chris kept silent, while Silvan only occasionally participated in the conversation as he concentrated on eating the cookies and drinking the tea.
The conversation flowed primarily between Baikal, Anastasia, Felicia and Caitlin.
Whenever Anastasia pulled out a topic about In-gong, Felicia would cut her off and Baikal would change the subject. Caitlin mostly listened, but she occasionally helped Baikal with the transitions.
In-gong tried not to be conscious of Zephyr, who had remained silent since he first greeted them. His attitude was similar to the court gathering.
Victor kept a watchful eye on In-gong throughout the conversation. It seemed like he was trying to look for something.
In-gong consciously took a step back. When looking at it on the surface, Baikal’s tea party proceeded fairly cheerfully. Most of the siblings didn’t participate in the conversation, and Zephyr was sitting at the table.
The demon king didn’t want his children to harm each other. There was competition between the royal children, but there were to be no attempts on each other’s lives.
After all, they were siblings. Even Victor, who was staring at In-gong, didn’t have the slightest intention of provocation.
The one who changed this atmosphere had been Zephyr.
He had heightened the sense of crisis and made them do serious things to each other. Zephyr had planted the idea but hadn’t suffered.
The lycanthrope subjugation had been the peak. The demon king’s children no longer believed in each other and had even hated each other. The minimum safety line had collapsed.
Then the Day of Massacre began.
The children of the demon king hadn’t been able to gather together and every one of them died at Zephyr’s hands.
That was why In-gong wanted to become the demon king. He didn’t want such a future.
Anastasia suddenly turned to In-gong. In-gong smiled politely at her and Anastasia smiled back. There was an intense light in her eyes but no sense of hostility.
Baikal’s tea party was completed. Victor had looked disgruntled as the tea party continued on, but that was all.
Baikal was satisfied with this alone. The important thing was that they had a face-to-face conversation.
Victor and Anastasia left first, then In-gong’s party stood up to follow.
Just as they were about to leave the reception room...
“Shutra.”
A low voice captured everyone's attention. It was Zephyr who had stayed silent so far.
He reminded In-gong of the demon king at the court gathering. Zephyr made everyone nervous just by talking to In-gong.
“Give my regards to General Vandal.”
The sentence was short, but it had many implications.
In-gong replied with a blank expression,
"Yes, Hyung-nim.”
Zephyr didn’t say anything more, and Baikal, who sighed as if he had seen something unbelievable, hurried In-gong’s party out.
&
As soon as they climbed into the carriage, Felicia slumped down and complained,
“Hah, I’m tired. Exhausted. Tea parties with Anastasia unni are always hard. How about Caitlin?”
Felicia was exhausted after her conversations with Anastasia throughout the tea party. She had been 
f
ine until she entered the carriage, so it was a truly impressive performance.
Caitlin smiled at Felicia’s question and replied,
"It was difficult but fun.”
Caitlin was like a field of blooming flowers. She was also a child of the demon king, so she used the things that she saw and heard. This meant her expectations had been low in the first place, making her satisfied with how it actually went.
“Silvan oppa?”
When Caitlin asked, Silvan pondered for a moment before responding with a very serious expression,
"The cookies and tea were delicious.”
Felicia sighed at his heartfelt appreciation.
"Aigoo, I hope you were comfortable. All of you just left it to me. I didn’t expect much from Silvan in the first place, but I thought that Chris would help at least.”
Felicia cried out, and Chris just snorted.
"Noonim did very well alone. I didn’t feel the need to interrupt. Well done, Noonim. I can always rely on you.”
Felicia pouted at Chris’ words. It was a sight that could never have been imagined a few months ago.
Caitlin glanced between Chris and Felicia with a huge smile, then Felicia hugged Caitlin like she was a doll.
"Anyway, tomorrow is the tea party where the concubine children are invited. It is different from today since they are people we want to introduce to Shutra and our faction anyway. Relax and play games. Then after that, we will leave on our missions. You should have a good sleep today and tomorrow.”
In-gong had always left right after the court gathering, but this time, there was a lot to do.
However, there was still tomorrow. As Felicia said, they would have to leave for the missions the day after tomorrow.
“Shutra, it is good that you chose Evian.”
Chris said suddenly. It was clear that he was thinking about Zephyr’s last words.
Felicia nodded in agreement.
"Does Zephyr orabeoni also want to strengthen ties with General Vandal? General Vandal is very popular.”
If In-gong hadn’t chosen Evian, Zephyr would have.
Why did Zephyr speak at the end?
Was it a simple strike? Or was revealing that he was aiming for Vandal a diversion? Maybe it was just a ploy to confuse In-gong.
Anyhow, like Chris said, it was good that In-gong had chosen Evian. In-gong would use this opportunity to take Vandal away from Zephyr.
As the topic moved to Evian, Caitlin narrowed her eyes. She spoke with a face and expression reminiscent of Felicia a few days ago,
“Shutra, will you really go to Takar?”
How should he answer?
In-gong stayed silent instead of talking, and Felicia and Caitlin started murmuring to each other.
&
The next morning, In-gong’s party gathered early in the morning before the second tea party.
"This Amita has finished!”
Amita, who had been stuck in the workshop for a few days, ran into the parlour and shouted,
Silvan stood up excitedly.
“Ohh, my sword?”
"No, your sword isn’t finished yet. The readjustment of White Eagle is what was completed.
Amita answered coolly and Silvan’s shoulders slumped as he sulked. In-gong held back his laughter and asked Amita,
"Earth Quaker?"
"Sooner or later, sooner or later! I will stay up all night and finish it by tomorrow morning! And shouldn’t your reaction be, ‘Ohh, show me?’”
"Ohh, please show me!"
In-gong instantly cried out along with Caitlin.
Amita shrugged like they felt better and said,
"Huhum, follow me to the workshop.”
Their tail waved in the air, and In-gong’s party hurried after Amita.
&
“Master, I have become great. I think that you should compliment me.”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 108 Chapter 17: Test #7.
Chapter 108 - Chapter 17: Test #7
“Master, I have become great. I think that you should compliment me.”
Green Wind declared as soon as he opened the door of the workshop. Due to being in a solid state, people aside from In-gong could see Green Wind.
Amita’s workshop was dual structured, and the door to the inner workshop, which could be called Amita’s real workplace, was closed tightly. In-gong looked at the stone table that Greenie was sitting on and asked,
“Greenie, you’ve become great...?”
“Of course. So amazing that... uh, wait! I am not Greenie! Master, I hate when you call me that!”
Green Wind nodded gently, then shouted suddenly. She kept nagging him despite being visible to others.
"Green Wind..."
Karma said in a small voice from where she was standing in the corner. There was a complicated expression on her face.
As Carack comforted Karma, Amita jumped on the stone table and slapped Green Wind.
"Get out of the way, you’re covering everything.”
“Uhum.”
It was true, so Green Wind had nothing to say. She simply jumped down from the stone table.
Amita stood where Green Wind was just sitting and pulled out White Eagle from a wooden crate.
It was mysterious that the shield was floating in the air, but this was a familiar sight to In-gong’s party.
Carack gazed at White Eagle closely and tilted his head.
“Uh... did you just add the black border?”
The original White Eagle consisted of a gauntlet for the left arm and a shield capable of being mounted on the gauntlet.
The shield was the main body of White Eagle, but despite Amita’s readjustment, there wasn’t much change in the appearance.
Black metal plates were added to the edge of the shield which was all white.
Carack’s question made Amita click their tongue.
"That is the case when just looking at the outside, but these are separate things. Green Wind?”
At Amita’s call, Green Wind nodded with a confident expression.
“Look carefully, Master. You will definitely want to praise me.”
As her name suggested, Green Wind dispersed into green wind and returned to White Eagle.
Then a green light emerged from White Eagle. So far, there was no difference from the original, but that changed with what happened next. There was a metallic sound and the black metal plates at the border of White Eagle spread out widely. As more things appeared in the air, the shield doubled its size in a flash.
The width was 1.5 times wider and the length of the shield was also impressive. The additional embellishments caused the shield to become a long diamond shape.
The additions to Carack’s shield had flown from Amita’s workshop. However, the additional parts added to White Eagle had appeared in the air, as if they came from In-gong’s inventory.
Amita raised their chin and explained,
“In the first place, this is a relic of an elder dragon. It’s not like I put a gimmick on this. Moreover, that isn’t all.”
Once Amita tapped their finger, a metal sound was heard again, and the white and black parts separated into two.
"Separation?!"
Carack cried out with shock, and Amita waved their tail with a delighted expression.
"The white shield and black shield—should they be called White Eagle and Black Eagle? The basic performance will be carried out by White Eagle, but Black Eagle will be very useful. It has been blessed by the last flame.”
White Eagle and Black Eagle stood side by side in the air.
Green Wind then took a solid state once again and appeared in front of In-gong.
"Now, I will be able to protect Master twice as much. When they’re combined as one, the defense is stronger. Isn’t this a good idea?”
‘So, go ahead to pat my head and praise me!’
That’s what Green Wind’s eyes seemed to be saying. However, rather than responding to expectations, In-gong’s eyes narrowed as he asked,
“It is great, but... can you fly both at the same time?”
One person was steering two objects. There was no easy way to drive one fighter jet while steering another remotely.
Green Wind blinked at In-gong’s question and looked over at White Eagle. Looking at her expression, it seemed like she had never thought about the steering difficulty.
“I- I can do it. I can definitely do it. I will do it, 
kul
.”
She started off with an uneasy voice but became confident at the end. Green Wind now had the noble expression of a higher-order guardian.
Amita looked at Green Wind’s back and clicked their tongue.
"I originally made two additional pieces for a total of three separate shields, but... I thought that two would be easier to steer.”
Green Wind flinched after hearing that the original plan was three shields. Amita continued speaking,
"You don’t have to worry so much because there is some degree of automatic steering. I entered some defense patterns just like the guardian shields used by magicians.”
"S-speaking so much is useless. Talking raccoon, quickly explain the next function.”
Green Wind cried out with a red face. Amita laughed before turning their gaze toward White Eagle.
"The original curtain of light is still there. Well, rather, it has been adapted to attack more efficiently. Green Wind?”
Rather than becoming the wind, Green Wind flicked her fingers, and a defensive green light curtain was activated from White Eagle and Black Eagle.
Then the next thing...
“Oh.”
In-gong exclaimed unknowingly with admiration. The curtain of light had become a narrow blade when Green Wind flicked her finger again.
It was like a green light blade had been attached to the edge of the shield.
As In-gong reacted, Green Wind excitedly changed the blade into a variety of shapes and sizes. He could feel that the power of White Eagle had tripled.
Green Wind combined White Eagle and Black Eagle into one then turned it around.
“Look carefully, Master. Now the space behind the shield is widened, so it is possible for Master to fight on top! Would you like to take it for a ride?”
Green White changed White Eagle to the size of a small surfboard. It felt like a snowboarding device that could be attached to his feet.
White Eagle flew through the air and landed in front of In-gong. He climbed up, feeling that it was definitely more stable than before.
“Ohh.”
As In-gong let out a sound of admiration, Green Wind nodded with a satisfied face.
"You may fly through the sky with the strange blue cloth, but my existence is solid.”
He could hear a lot of worry in her voice, and she couldn’t hide her deep sense of relief.
In-gong stroked Green Wind’s head, and she was deeply pleased.
It was at that moment...
"Strange blue cloth? What are you talking about?”
Amita asked with a confused expression. In-gong blinked at that, but he soon understood. He had forgotten to talk to Amita about it.
"I obtained one more relic of an elder dragon from Sun Lake. I forgot to tell you that it is a cloak that transforms into a muffler.”
Amita was a blacksmith that dealt with swords and armor, so he hadn’t thought that Amita would handle clothes. Moreover, there had been no reason to report it to Amita at the time because he hadn’t known they wanted to readjust the elder dragons’ equipment.
Amita’s eyes widened at In-gong’s explanation. They were very interested.
In-gong asked with a smile,
“Its name is Night Watch. Do you want to adjust it as well?”
Amita jumped. Green Wind, who was more than twice as big as Amita, shouted hurriedly,
“Ah, no! Talking raccoon! Don’t take away the value of my existence! B-but it is also necessary for Master... uhh...”
As Green Wind fell into agony, In-gong stroked her head gently and looked at Amita. Amita’s eyes were burning intensely, but they showed some restraint.
“Ummm. There is no time. I’ll do it later.”
There truly was no time as In-gong was leaving the Demon King’s Palace tomorrow.
Silvan, who had stayed quiet since his arrival in the workshop, spoke up,
“Amita, please don’t forget my sword...’
"Ah, I’ll give it! I’ll give it to you tomorrow morning!”
Amita hit their tail against the ground and cut off Silvan’s words. Silvan stepped back sullenly.
As Felicia comforted Silvan, In-gong mounted White Eagle on his left arm.
‘Indeed.’
By increasing the size of the shield with White Eagle and Black Eagle, the defense area had increased. Additionally, overlapping the two into one would make the defense significantly stronger.
In-gong consciously separated White Eagle and Black Eagle and tried to navigate around them. Not surprisingly, he felt much safer compared to when there had only been White Eagle.
"It is really awesome. I am looking forward to Earth Quaker.”
"Huhu, let’s hope for the best. Whatever you imagine, I will show you even more.”
Amita said with a smile. Then Daphne, who had been the assistant for the past few days, hugged Amita from behind.
"Master."
Green Wind called out to In-gong, and he understood her meaning. He stroked Green Wind’s head and said,
"Great, Green Wind. But I am busy today, so next time.”
“Umm... I understand. I will endure it.”
Green Wind nodded with a despairing expression and disappeared.
"Well, is it over now?”
Felicia asked, and Amita nodded. They had shown the result of White Eagle, and there was nothing else to share with In-gong’s party.
"Okay, then let’s go back to the reception room to prepare it for guests. Today, we’ll have to be fully prepared for the tea party.”
It was only a couple of hours before the concubine children would come to visit.
Felicia clapped and got everyone’s attention, then said to In-gong,
"Shutra, do you understand that you are the protagonist today?”
"I know.”
His status window also said that he was the protagonist.
The party hurried out of the workshop.
&
The day passed quickly.
The concubine children who followed Felicia and Chris weren’t the only ones who attended the tea party. The concubine children who had been deeply interested in In-gong for a few months visited the mansion as well.
Of course, this was through invitation, so it went through some type of screening process. The potential spies, such as Cadaroph who had been with Daphne the other day, couldn’t attend the tea party.
Felicia had made the purpose of the tea party clear,
“The tea party today is just for introductions. Think of it as the process of identifying who is standing on our side. Of course, you should also be aware that you are the head of our faction.”
It made sense to make bonds by talking to the people who belonged to the faction and impress the people who followed Felicia and Chris.
The afternoon tea party was short and sweet. It ran for only two hours, but they had been able to accomplish all their purposes.
‘Blood Knight Silas.’
Along with Daphne, he was the only one of the concubine children who needed to be obtained.
He would be leaving with Chris tomorrow. It was a bit unfortunate that he was following Chris and not In-gong, but that wasn’t a problem at all. After all, following Chris was the same as being in In-gong’s faction.
The next morning arrived.
As promised, Amita appeared before Silvan, who had spent the night in In-gong’s residence.
"Here.”
Amita seemed more tired than usual. They handed a sword in a plain sheathe to Silvan.
“Thank you.”
Silvan swallowed his saliva and pulled out the sword slowly. A silver sword resembling the sword duke’s, without any decorations, was revealed.
Silvan gazed at the sword with a fascinated expression, but Felicia started frowning. Compared to the White Eagle she had seen yesterday, Silvan’s sword was too shabby.
"Amita, does Silvan’s sword have something like an ability to combine or transform?”
"What type of sword would have the ability to transform? It is just a sword!”
Amita slammed their tail against the ground.
'No, why would a shield have transformation elements?’
In-gong had the same thoughts as Felicia but decided to hold back. Silvan’s expression was filled with pure joy as he held the sword.
Silvan swung the sword through the air like a person possessed by something. The blade of the sword cutting through the air was very light.
Amita asked with a smile,
“How is it?”
“Good. Really... it is good.”
There were no other words to express it.
‘Just a sword.’
It existed for the basic purpose of stabbing the enemy.
Amita’s words were true; the other features weren’t needed.
Silvan was satisfied with this sword. That could be seen the moment he held it in his hand. It was a feeling that gave him goosebumps.
It was a sword that could be wielded freely, like an extension of his body.
For others, it was just a good sword.
However, this sword was tailored for Silvan. It was a perfectly coordinated sword that could only reveal its true value in Silvan’s hands.
"I see that you’ve figured out the truth. It was worthwhile to create this for you.”
Amita laughed heartily, and Silvan shed tears of excitement.
“And 9th Prince.”
Amita turned toward In-gong with a somewhat uneasy expression.
“There is still a bit of fine adjustment needed for Earth Quaker. Can you perhaps wait half a day? The work is almost over, but I need time...”
They had stayed up all night, but it seemed like it was impossible to finish on time.
In-gong nodded.
“It’s okay, Amita. You don’t have to worry because we are going together.”
“Hu, yes. Then wait just half a day... What?”
Amita jumped with surprise. In-gong spoke with a casual expression,
"You will go with me on the mission and can make the readjustments then. I’ve already asked the last flame.”
"Uh, when?! When on earth?”
"Yesterday, shortly after leaving the workshop...”
In-gong laughed.
He had originally intended to take Amita, even if Earth Quaker’s adjustment wasn’t late. Amita still had a lot of equipment to make, so why should they stay at the Demon King’s Palace.
However, Amita couldn’t accept reality. They waved both of their hands, and their eyes shook violently.
“Ah, no. The last flame wouldn’t have done that!”
Then one hour later, in front of the transport formation...
“The last flame...”
Amita carried a large bag on their back, just like at Spider Forest, and sat on the ground like someone who had lost their country.
In-gong and his party greeted each other while neglecting Amita.
The first one was Chris, who was heading to the south with Silas.
"Go safely.”
“Yes, look after Caitlin and Felicia noonim.”
In-gong smiled at Chris while Felicia pouted.
"You should be asking me, me.”
She whined, but her eyes were smiling. Chris said pleasantly,
"Noonim is sometimes quietly selfless. Don’t overdo it."
"I won’t overdo it.”
Felicia covered her face with a fan while replying. After laughing, Chris patted Caitlin’s head and said goodbye.
As Chris and Silas moved through the transport formation, Felicia looked back at everyone.
"Then is it our turn?”
Silvan was scheduled to leave on the Black Flame Dragon. The other royal children had gone to their respective areas through the transport formation, and now only In-gong’s party was left.
“I’m going, Oppa.”
"Yes, Felicia. Stay safe until we meet again. And Shutra, please look after Felicia.”
In-gong nodded and held out his hand to Silvan for a handshake. Felicia covered her face again, but this time she was laughing.
In-gong, Caitlin and Felicia stood next to each other on the transport formation, followed by Daphne, Karma, Delia and Seira.
Carack grabbed Amita’s neck and lifted them up.
"Raccoon person, I’ll make sure that you are comfortable.”
Amita waved their hands and legs after being lifted by Carack, but it was useless.
In-gong smiled at Amita, then let out a breath.
There was a mission outside the Demon King’s Palace...
And there would be confrontation between the Death Knight and the Demon King’s Palace.
There was also Zephyr who had left for Haragal...
And Vandal and Nayatra who he would meet in the future.
In-gong suddenly looked around. As promised, In-gong looked at Caitlin.
A red light shone from the floor.
There was a bit of noise, and the transport formation activated.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 109 Chapter 18: Auction.
Chapter 109 - Chapter 18: Auction
There were two protagonists in Knight Saga.
The protagonist of the Demon World was Zephyr Ragnaros, the strongest and worst demon king in history.
The other was the warrior, Locke, protagonist of the Human World.
The story had begun in the Demon World in year 513, when Zephyr Ragnaros received a new mission from the Merits Department.
Whereas Locke’s adventure had started in the summer of Year 514, when Locke left the temple he had grown up in to go on an adventure.
At the beginning of winter in Year 512 that changed to Year 513, Zephyr had left for the north to carry out a mission.
So, what was Locke doing now?
In Knight Saga, he had invaded the Demon World with an army and eventually killed the demon king.
&
In-gong closed his eyes and searched through his memories. Then the appearance of a big bookshelf popped into his head.
There was a total of five books. Compared to the large bookcase, the number of books was embarrassingly small, but In-gong didn’t care. Anyway, it was a bookcase that no one else could see.
All five books described the elder dragons. They were the books he had borrowed from the library and read once.
He thought about one of them, then the part he wanted automatically came up in his head. It was vivid as though he had photographed the book.
It wasn’t the so-called ‘photographic memory’ ability. It was a little bit different, but the end result was similar.
In-gong had ‘conquered’ the books he borrowed from the library.
Thanks to that, he could recall them any time he wanted.
‘I read all of it roughly, but... it really is a fraudulent skill.’
A Conquest Knight could conquer and dominate all things. This applied to books as well as techniques, so he was eager to test out the applications.
What else could he conquer? Could he apply the power of Conquest to everything?
However, first, it was time to look at his memories.
The five books in the library varied from simple storybooks to history books. Each had a different story about the elder dragons, and according to the books, there were many more stories not present.
However, there was one thing they had in common.
In-gong simultaneously recalled different pages of the five books.
The disappearance of the elder dragons...
The Great Enkidu, who had lived in the Jishuka Mountains, had suddenly left his treasures and dungeon for another place.
It had occurred approximately 1,000 years ago. One of the dwarf keepers had left a record of this behind.
The time when Violent Kaltein had last been seen was also similar. It couldn’t be guessed precisely as to when because the record left behind by the dwarf and the storybook were created at different times, but it was close to 1,000 years ago.
There were no records related to Watcher Ainkel, but because of Green Wind, In-gong knew that Watcher Ainkel had been murdered 1,000 years ago.
The rest of the elder dragons were in similar situations. The witness reports, such as for the Brutal Talia, were cut off long ago, and it was important that they hadn’t appeared anywhere in the last 1,000 years.
'The only exception is Guardian Queian.’
There were no records found in the books of the library, but In-gong knew about him thanks to Knight Saga’s setting.
During the past 1,000 years, Guardian Queian had acted several times in the Human World.
Five of the six elder dragons had disappeared from this world 1,000 years ago.
Watcher Ainkel had been killed and Violent Kaltein’s dungeon had been violently destroyed by someone.
If so, perhaps the others were the same. There had probably been a big fight 1,000 years ago that wasn’t revealed on the surface of the history records.
The Four Knights of the Apocalypse...
And the four people who selected them—
In-gong recalled some information that might be helpful in the present situation.
‘Guardian Queian’s lair is hard to pass through... but is it possible to guess the location of the Brutal Talia?’
If he looked at the places where the elder dragons’ legends were based, he could guess the locations of their lairs.
The records of Brutal Talia were concentrated in the northern cold zone.
Considering that Talia had the power of the cold, it was an interesting combination.
'It isn’t too far right now... My next target should be obtaining Talia’s equipment.’
Queian’s lair was in the human world, while the lair of the last elder dragon, Record Keeper Torres, was hard to pinpoint due to the records talking about the entire Demon World.
After he finished thinking about the elder dragons, In-gong put away the virtual books and opened his eyes.
Even without his sight, he could tell the location just through hearing and scent. In-gong was in the middle of a grassland with dry wind.
Just like Thunderdoom Fortress, Evian didn’t have a transportation formation, so he had to move to the closest area with one.
As always, there was a guide at the transportation formation. Fortunately, this one was a man. The party and their supplies moved on carriages towards Evian.
One day after their departure...
In-gong was riding Maybach, whom he had not seen in a long time. White aura and green magic power were tangled together and rotating in each of his hand.
‘Okay.’
Even while he had his eyes closed and mind occupied with other thoughts, In-gong could operate aura and magic power as naturally as breathing.
Moreover, it was not simply operating; the aura and magic power in front of him were pushing at each other and creating a synergistic effect.
When using Gigantic Piston and Dragon’s Bane, he had been unconsciously using aura and magic power simultaneously.
In-gong didn’t use mana for specific skills but added magic power to the aura itself.
The result was successful. All actions that used aura, as well as Divine Sura Authority, had become faster and stronger.
‘It is a pity that I didn’t meet the sword duke again.’
The sword duke had promised to meet again during his stay at the Demon King’s Palace, but he unfortunately had to leave the next day.
He didn’t know any of the details, but it seemed like the sword duke needed to leave in a hurry.
The demon king had mentioned the sanctuary.
Perhaps there was something wrong with the sanctuary that the sura were guarding.
“Shutra.”
“Huh?”
He had thought he was alone when he heard a voice next to him. In-gong looked around to see Caitlin approaching him on a stunning black horse.
Caitlin looked down at In-gong’s hands and asked,
"That— What are you doing? Are you operating aura and magic power at the same time?”
“Yes.”
Caitlin’s golden eyes lit up at In-gong’s answer. She mumbled, “Amazing” a few times, then asked again with an excited face,
"Shutra, do you have any tips?”
Originally, aura and magic power would push against each other.
In-gong shrugged at Caitlin’s question.
"There is no such thing... I just do it.”
In-gong’s words were unfortunate, but it couldn’t be helped. He really just did it.
Caitlin frowned at In-gong’s answer, then closed her eyes and activated her aura. Caitlin’s blue aura and white magic power gathered on her right hand, but both of them disappeared instead of tangling together like In-gong’s.
Aura interfered with the operation of magic power while magic power destroyed the aura’s flow.
After several more attempts, Caitlin sighed and opened her eyes. She stared at In-gong and grumbled,
“Shutra is too much.”
“What?”
“Too much.”
Her grouchy expression was cute. In-gong tried to stop his laughter, but it was inevitable that a small smil formed.
On In-gong’s other side, a new voice was added,
“That’s right, Shutra is too much.”
It was Felicia who was riding on a draco. As In-gong looked back, the voices continued,
"Right, too much.”
"Way too much! Too much! It is too much!”
The last voice belonged to Amita who was riding on a horse with Daphne. Daphne became confused as the waving tail hit the horse.
He could understand why Amita was upset, but why was Felicia— no, Carack upset as well?
‘Shouldn’t I be the one saying that Carack is too much?’
In-gong looked at Delia, Seira and Karma who were beside Carack, then he looked back at Carack. It was because he suddenly had an ominous premonition.
‘Surely, Nayatra won’t like Carack as well?’
He felt anxious. Despite there being no basis for this,, he couldn’t help the ominous feeling.
In fact, he didn’t even know why Seira, Delia and Sepira had started liking Carack in the first place. It seemed like he was a aide killer.
‘N-no. Nayatra can’t be the same.’
It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that Locke had a harem around him, however, Zephyr was different due to his grim nature. Therefore, his only hope in the Demon World was Nayatra, who was like a flower blooming in a desert.
While thinking about Nayatra, In-gong was reminded of something... There was one more problem.
‘What excuse can I use to go to the auction?’
If he were alone, then he would just go with Carack. However, right now, In-gong wasn’t alone. In order to avoid Caitlin’s and Felicia’s cold eyes, he needed a good reason to visit Takar’s slave auction house.
‘Well, there are a lot of assets to process right now.’
There were the goods from the dungeon and the ruin.
Even the dwarf weapons that he found in the dwarf cave hadn’t been processed yet. This was a chance to obtain Nayatra, but he should also use it to organize his things.
‘Slaves aren’t the only things sold at the auction house.’
There were various types of artifacts as well as various magic tools that could be used in battle.
There were valuable ingredients like elixirs and dragon hearts that could luckily be obtained if they had enough money.
In-gong looked at Carack’s shield for a moment. Thanks to Amita joining them, the party could receive the best equipment, but it was still lacking. Right now, Carack was the only one who had received a shield from Amita. Weapons were still needed.
‘Moreover...’
The materials that Amita could use currently were the leather, bones and scales from the black dragon and the sea serpent. Both were top quality materials, but there wasn’t a variety of material.
If a variety of material were added, then Amita would be able to produce better and more unconventional equipment.
In-gong looked at Amita who started trembling. They felt something like a ominous feeling.
‘I should go to the auction house to liquidate the assets and see if there are any good items.’
Just thinking about it convinced In-gong, and he nodded with a cheerful expression. Meanwhile, Caitlin was grouchy as she tried to join aura and magic power together a few more times.
As In-gong was thinking about how to comfort her...
'Master, a group of people are approaching from the front.’
Green Wind’s voice entered his ears, and In-gong focused aura on his eyes. As Green Wind had said, a group of people were rushing towards them from far away.
&
“I just need to stop them here.”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 110 Chapter 18: Auction #2.
Chapter 110 - Chapter 18: Auction #2
Richard, one of the five captains of the Demon King’s Palace, turned his gaze to a distant place.
He was in one of his dwellings at the Demon King’s Palace, and the room was designed to allow adequate light to enter.
As he gazed into the sunlight pouring through the window, he touched the things on his desk gently.
His hand stopped on a seal made of wrought iron that only the members of the five families leading the draconians could use. Richard’s hands were rough from holding a sword his entire life, and even among draconians, his hands were particularly big and hard.
He wasn’t alone. A few steps away from him was a young man called Henry, who was particularly prominent among the children of the five families.
Richard was a man with blonde hair that was reminiscent of a lion’s mane, and a pair of long white horns stretched from his head. He had just been listening to Henry’s report.
He had known the answer since a few days ago, so this was just a procedural check.
“Do you know what you have to do?”
Richard asked Henry who was standing with a stiff expression. Henry hesitated for a moment then nodded.
Instead of blaming Henry, Richard just laughed.
The instructions that Richard had given Henry a few days ago were simple.
‘Attack 9th Prince on his way to Evian.’
The people behind the attack wouldn’t be soldiers from the Demon King’s Palace or draconian warriors. It would be someone who had been kicked out from the Evian military and was already a wild dog.
The aim wasn’t to kill 9th Prince; Richard just wanted to learn more about him.
9th Prince’s appearance was too sudden. Therefore, Richard didn’t know much about him.
What type of person he was, how strong he was now and his fighting style...
Richard wanted to know all these things. He had no thoughts about taking away 9th Prince’s life.
The demon king—the sura king, Mitra didn’t want that, and Richard didn’t intend to go against the demon king’s will.
However, he couldn’t help letting some words escape from his mouth.
"The demon king said that the strongest person should become the demon king. His thoughts haven’t changed. But to not want a direct fight between the successors... This is a bit contradictory, isn’t it?”
His tone was moderate, but Henry could hear the growl of a lion in it.
The strongest person would become the demon king.
Yet it wasn’t acceptable for the siblings to harm each other while contesting for the position of demon king.
It was a contradiction. How could there be no fighting when they were trying to determine the strongest?
There were the factions. Competition between factions existed, but it was all about spying and gaining information.
The 4th Princess—she had the blood of the serpent-like 2nd Queen Titania, so she used both females and males. No, she didn’t fear any violence at all. She had drunk the tea given by the 1st Prince without any hesitation. The tea party was in a place widely known to everyone, not a secret location that no one else knew about.
Yet the 1st Prince had laughed and poured tea, and the 4th Princess had drunk it without any hesitation nor fear of poison.
This was despite the fact that it was tea from the 1st Prince.
They had lived for 20 years without suspicion of each other.
However, could a real power truly be born in this type of environment? What did missions matter when they would return to a greenhouse that was the Demon King’s Palace?
Richard laughed once again.
“That face looks like you want to say something. So, tell me.”
With Richard’s permission, Henry stood next to him. Although he wasn’t a small child, the problem was that his loyalty to the demon king was too strong.
Unlike Richard’s bright blonde, Henry had dark hair and blue eyes.
"When he was kicked out, he was at the level of the lower generals, but he is different now. His strength will be at the level of an intermediate general.”
"Yes, I know how strong he is. That way, I can also measure 9th Prince’s strength.”
"Uncle... no, Captain. If 9th Prince dies...”
"6th Princess and 8th Princess is with him. So, dying won’t be a problem. And even if one of them loses their lives... it is a matter that doesn’t involve me. Moreover, we are being hit by the enemies on the periphery. 1st Prince and 2nd Prince have already experienced an encounter with the enemy. We have nothing to do with this.”
Richard interrupted Henry’s words and said it was inconsequential. He knocked against Henry’s shoulder.
"Henry, what are you afraid of? Such a thing will never happen. If I really intended to do that, then I would have used a much stronger person.”
This logic reassured Henry,but it was only for a second. In the end, the fact that someone strong was ambushing the 9th Prince didn’t change.
Richard spoke in a calm tone,
"Maybe he will receive an injury that will make him give up his mission or doubts will start to form.”
It was only a matter of planting a few suspicious buds. However, that wasn’t bad enough. He was going to change the current atmosphere, little by little.
“Tomorrow, we will return to the northern front. Be prepared to leave.”
At Richard’s words, Henry departed the room with a stiff expression. Richard stared at his back and laughed.
“9th Prince.”
Only a few months ago, he had been known as the Prince of Scraps, and now, he had created a new faction.
Richard didn’t know how many skills the sword duke had taught him.
'I can’t possibly guess.’
Would he notice that the ambush was instigated by someone?
Even if he did, it would be impossible to find the person behind it.
The mad dog was a draconian, but he was already a notorious enemy in the vicinity of Evian.
This would lead to some doubts and a sense of crisis. Richard’s purpose was to plant seeds of doubt, and that was enough.
It would also be good if 9th Prince didn’t notice at all. There would be no problem in achieving his desire to know 9th Prince’s abilities.
‘I never thought it would begin with the 9th Prince.’
Richard stopped touching the seal, and his gaze moved in the southwest direction where 9th Prince was.
&
“Things are never easy.”
Carack said with a bitter smile as he prepared to fight. The group of people running wildly towards them were enemies. They had to either run away or prepare to fight, but the former action was unreasonable.
In-gong’s eyes narrowed.
“I think you are right. I think it is because of me.”
"Huh? What does that mean?”
Instead of answering Carack, In-gong just laughed. He had seen a familiar face at the front of the rushing group.
"Richard is doing this.”
In-gong muttered in a small voice. He was sure of it.
It was an event that he had experienced many times in Knight Saga.
In Knight Saga, Zephyr had gradually worsened the relationship between the demon king’s children. He had made them suspicious until they thought they would be killed if they didn’t strike first, ruining the relationship between siblings.
This was one of the processes. The ambush at Evian—rather than aim directly for the royal children’s lives, it was an operation designed to disturb them and cause suspicions.
The one behind this wasn’t Zephyr but Richard.
The royal child attacked was always different, but the person doing the ambush was the same.
"Mad Dog Jiks.”
The soldier who had joined them as a guide agreed with In-gong.
"T-that's right. Mad Dog Jiks!”
Fear, confusion and doubts were all seen on his expression.
Mad Dog Jiks was notorious around Evian. However, his activities were far from here, so it was the first time the soldier had seen him. He was just able to tell due to Mad Dog Jiks’ unique characteristics.
“Shutra?”
Enemies had appeared in front, but it had been an unexpected ambush. So, she wondered how he knew.
“I was prepared.”
“What?”
Felicia replied with a dumbfounded expression, but it was only for a moment. The fight was about to occur soon. Rather than continuing to ask questions, Felicia was convinced by Shutra’s words.
In-gong heard Green Wind’s voice once again.
'Master, it isn’t just at the front. If I count all the enemies…’
"Around 40? Most of them are cavalry?”
‘That’s right. How did you know?’
“Everything was dragged out.”
Mad Dog Jiks was a real mad dog.
Although he had never been ambushed while playing as Zephyr, Richard had been his sponsor, so he had been able to learn more about the mad dog’s abilities.
Among the intermediate generals, Mad Dog Jiks was average.
Before the Starlight Core, Caitlin wouldn’t have been able to win against him. In fact, victory wasn’t guaranteed even with the Starlight Core.
‘But what if it isn’t Caitlin?’
“Shutra.”
“Huh?”
In-gong turned around. Caitlin, who was prepared to fight while sitting on the black horse, was staring at In-gong.
"What are you thinking of right now?”
Did her wild intuition sense something?
Instead of answering, In-gong smiled towards the front, and Caitlin’s eyes narrowed.
After fighting so many monsters in Spider Forest, the party remained relatively calm despite the 40 enemies. Only the guide soldier became speculative.
"Prince, what do you want to do?”
Carack asked him. In-gong equipped Earth Quaker and White Eagle. After Amita’s adjustments, Earth Quaker gave a low roar as it glowed red and yellow through the black scales.
It was an ambush event, but he had no intention of losing. He would smash through Richard’s intentions.
In-gong nodded thoughtfully. Instead of answering, an angry white aura was activated.
&
Mad Dog Jiks had left the army for almost 10 years now.
However, he never forgot that the blood of a draconian flowed through his body.
One of the elder draconians, Richard, had ordered him to attack the 9th Prince and learn his skills. It didn’t matter if there were injuries, but he was ordered to not take their lives.
However, Jiks wasn’t displeased. He couldn’t take their lives, but that didn’t mean he couldn’t do other things.
Besides 9th Prince, there was the 6th Princess and 8th Princess who were renowned for their beauty. Touching them would incite the retaliation of the dark elves and lycanthropes, but he didn’t think that far. Why else did he have the nickname of mad dog?
‘If I do this, I will need to flee from the Demon World.’
Mad Dog Jiks’ logic was simple. The task assigned to him was to fight 9th Prince and report on his skills. Apart from that, he could do anything.
Instead of a horse, Jiks rode on a big wolf as he made some hand gestures. He had trained each member himself and was certain they would be elites if they were in the Demon King’s Army.
There were 40 of them, so it was clear that the 8th Princess would struggle.
‘I wish to taste her with my own hands.’
He had already forgotten about the fight with the 9th Prince. Jiks was just considering a confrontation with the 8th Princess.
It was at that moment that...
The 9th Prince ran out alone. He wasn’t riding a horse or even a draco.
Jiks laughed and whispered, ‘I’m not the only crazy one.’
However, it was only for a second. Jiks’ instincts screamed at him, and he used his aura reflexively, using the dragon authority that all draconians had inherited.
This wasn’t the time to relax. He pulled out his sword hurriedly. The reason for this was simple.
'So fast!'
The dozens of meters between himself and 9th Prince felt meaningless. 9th Prince didn’t stop and ran straight toward Jiks. In just a few seconds, he brutally trounced all the people in his path.
Two shields emitting a green light opened the way. His men couldn’t even do anything as they fell to the ground with a moan. It happened so quickly that they couldn’t perceive the fact that 9th Prince was among them.
The next moment, 9th Prince was standing right in front of Jiks.
Kwang!
With a roar, the white aura exploded in the air. Jiks swung his sword reflexively to block the blow and felt a strong pain in his right arm. It was hard to hold the sword. Moreover, he couldn’t keep his current position any longer.
Lightning struck in front of him. The moment it struck the wolf’s head, blood poured from it. Jiks hurriedly threw himself backwards off the wolf, but the pair of black shield and white shield kept tracking Jiks. Jiks swung his sword to block the path of the shields. He succeeded in stopping the orbits of the shield but lost his sword in the process.
Jiks had bought some time. He needed the time to refine his aura management technique. It was only a few seconds, but he needed this time to calm his breathing and draw power.
However, 9th Prince didn’t allow it. He was overly quick and reached Jiks again.
Jiks grabbed a spare sword hurriedly and swung it roughly with his left hand through instinct. Of course, he was quick and strong due to his aura, but his opponent was also an aura user. So far, he hadn’t managed to deal a fatal blow to 9th Prince.
Yet there was a sensation at his fingertips. His blow had struck the 9th Prince’s chest.
‘How?’
He was amazed that he had gotten a blow in. However, Jiks wasn’t a novice, and that was why he knew that he hadn’t succeeded because he was lucky. It was because the opponent allowed it.
‘Why?’
Moreover, why was 9th Prince smiling so happily in the midst of this painful situation. Surely, he wasn’t enjoying this?
The reason didn’t matter. Jiks used the time to try and pull out an extra sword. However, an invisible force crushed Jiks’ arm. There wasn’t a gap that allowed him to fight.
“Thank you.”
Jiks couldn’t tell if those words were actually said or just seen through the eyes.
9th Prince laughed as he made a fist, then something white and green exploded in front of him.
The moment that Jiks was struck in the chest, the shock was greater than the pain.
9th Prince’s fist...
It was filled with the dragon power that was the aura characteristic of the draconians.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 111 Chapter 18: Auction #3.
Chapter 111 - Chapter 18: Auction #3
‘A success!’
In-gong smiled with satisfaction as he looked at his fist containing the dragon style.
The dragon style had added a new power to In-gong’s aura.
In Knight Saga, there were slight differences in the auras of each species.
A lycanthrope’s aura was characterized by momentary explosive power. The various techniques of Divine Beast Authority were developed towards exploding aura due to the fact that the lycanthropes specialized in this.
Just as the name implied, the dragon style was based on the power of a dragon. Dragons reigned at the apex of all species, so their power was efficient in many areas.
Even if they had the same amount of aura, the dragon’s style was much stronger than other auras. It was also easy to add various attributes to the aura, and it was easy to handle the aura in various ways, such as through emission or focusing it on one spot.
In-gong had conquered a piece of Ainkel’s dragon heart, but he hadn’t been able to use the dragon style until now. Additionally, in the past, In-gong had always the delicate aura unique to gandharvas.
However, after gaining the characteristics of a dragon, his aura had become stronger and more violent than before. It was like riding a wild horse.
Instead of continuing to attack Jiks, In-gong brought his left hand to his chest and used recovery magic.
‘Hurts!’
The pain was truly not a joke. The strike that contained the dragon style was stronger and sharper than had had expected.
However, the pain was also good. In-gong swallowed back the pain and laughed.
On the other hand, Jiks was stunned when he was pushed backwards. 9th Prince was a gandharva and sura, so how could he use the dragon style? Perhaps 9th Prince wasn’t the son of the demon king? Or maybe he was the child of a female draconian, not the 5th Queen.
Jiks stopped thinking about it. He would explore the secrets of 9th Prince’s birth later. He was called mad dog for always going on a rampage, but he had survived to this day due to his excellent fighting instincts.
The blow had increased his distance with 9th Prince. Additionally, 9th Prince didn’t attack immediately.
This was an opportunity for Jiks. He gathered his aura hurriedly while his left hand grabbed something. Then Jiks threw a pouch toward 9th Prince, causing a blast of violet smoke to fill the air.
It was poison. It had been made by collecting various infectious poisons around Evian and was unable to be neutralized with magic due to how terrible it was.
He would buy some time with the poison. After adjusting his breath and gathering aura, he would attack the poisoned 9th Prince.
Jiks used the time to try and pull out an extra sword. He took one step back and refined his breathing, but his plan only went well up to here. This was because there was something happening which he didn’t know about.
[Hundred Poisons Resistance is activated.]
[Hundred Poisons Resistance is activated.]
[As a result of the resistance against the rare poison, Hundred Poisons Resistance has been upgraded to Thousand Poisons Resistance.]
[Poison resistance has increased greatly.]
Fire Arrow and the various recovery spells needed to be used many times to increase their levels.
Hundred Poisons Resistance wasn’t much different.
The other day, Hundred Poisons Resistance had already reached its maximum level. Now, due to the rare poison, it had progressed to the next level.
In-gong breathed freely in the smoke as he headed to Jiks. He rushed over and shouted unknowingly,
“Truly, thank you!”
After the dragon style, it was Thousand Poisons Resistance!
In-gong smiled brightly and activated aura and magic power simultaneously. In-gong’s magic power, which originally possessed the attribute of a dragon, matched well with the dragon style. Compared to before, the synergy effect of the combination between aura and magic power was superior.
Jiks was confused. 9th Prince had smiled after being hit, and he was now thankful for the poison. No matter how Jiks looked at the situation, it clearly wasn't normal.
"Hat!"
Jiks swung his sword. It wasn’t the time to be confused.
Jiks’ blade was fast and sharp. He had wandered in the wilderness after being kicked out of the army, but his skill was real. If they were just discussing pure martial arts skill, he was much better than In-gong.
‘Master!’
Green Wind cried out, and there was a sharp metal sound at that same moment. Black Eagle moved between In-gong and Jiks and blocked the sword. However, the strength of Jiks’ sword was so powerful that Black Eagle’s orbit was altered, and Black Eagle hit the ground instead.
In-gong regained his composure, erasing his smile as he moved toward Jiks.
However, Jiks didn’t panic. Now that it was just a competition of strength, it was difficult to reverse the situation, but a draconian’s superior physical ability made it possible.
Sparks flew as the battle between In-gong and Jiks continued. Neither side was able to gain an advantage. White Eagle and Black Eagle flew back to In-gong’s side, blocking Jiks’ sword, while In-gong exploded with a storm of attacks that contained the dragon style.
Jiks clenched his teeth as he fought In-gong. He also used dragon style to respond to In-gong’s attacks, which In-gong counterattacked in an unexpected place.
However, all of Jiks’ attacks were in vain due to White Eagle and Black Eagle. There seemed to be no end to the frontal confrontation.
‘I have to dig into it.’
He never thought about breaking through In-gong’s defense. He just needed to penetrate the gap between White Eagle and Black Eagle.
All of 9th Prince’s movements were aimed towards attacking as he believed in the two shields. If he could penetrate through the trajectory of the shields, he would be able to get a critical hit.
Jiks started emitting dragon style randomly. It was inefficient, but thanks to that, he was able to delay In-gong’s offensive. Jiks took a big step back and widened his view, which had only been concentrated on In-gong. This was because the easiest way to get In-gong’s attention was to pursue his companions.
Jiks had brought along 40 people. Some subordinates had been lost due to In-gong’s mad rush, but there were still 30 left. Moreover, this wasn’t a small number as each one of them were trained elites.
However, as soon as Jiks expanded his field of view, he was forced to swallow back a pained groan.
8th Princess was literally going crazy. Blood was pouring down her body as she acted far more violently than 9th Prince. His men were being torn apart by the unbelievable power springing from that slender body. 
8th Princess couldn’t afford to look after 6th Princess, but it was clear that 6th Princess was also putting up a good fight. Due to the brilliant magic bursting from her, his men couldn’t approach at all.
6th Princess defended while 8th Princess and 9th Prince attacked crazily.
Jiks narrowed his field of view again, focusing only on In-gong.
It was fight or be killed. In that case, he would fight like a mad dog. He should at least use all his strength to bite 9th Prince’s neck.
JIks rushed at In-gong. In-gong avoided it and turned to face Jiks.
White Eagle and Black Eagle were circling In-gong. Jiks not only focused on In-gong but also on the movements of White Eagle and Black Eagle. The trajectory of the two shields around him was relatively simple.
Jiks was looking for a gap. He would go through that gap to deal a blow to 9th Prince!
Immediately before colliding with In-gong, Jiks changed directions suddenly. It was an abrupt movement as he swung his sword.
In-gong’s eyes naturally turned toward the sword, and they widened. As soon as Jiks swung the sword, the blade split into dozens of pieces as it flew toward In-gong.
The pieces of the sword were manipulated by the dragon style and pierced through the gap between White Eagle and Black Eagle. All the pieces flooded toward In-gong.
It was at that moment...
In-gong turned into a dark blue mist. The pieces of the sword flew through the air in vain.
Jiks was reminded of one of the vampires’ lineage abilities. Surely the blood of a vampire didn’t flow through 9th Prince’s body as well? What type of bloodline did he have?
However, this was just a conjecture. In-gong hadn’t turned into a dark blue mist.
It was a close-distance space jump.
This was a technique embedded in Violent Kaltein’s Night Watch.
Although it was limited to three times a day, that was enough.
In-gong laughed as he appeared at a spot 10 meters away from his original location.
'Too bad for him.’
If In-gong was in Jiks’ position, he would’ve had a tantrum. In-gong called White Eagle and Black Eagle. Instead of using dragon style, he activated the quad-core.
“Caitlin.”
At his low call, Caitlin passed by In-gong’s side. Thanks to the quad-core, she was much faster and more powerful than before.
As Caitlin ran ahead, In-gong soon followed behind her. He further amplified his aura by synchronizing it with Caitlin’s.
In-gong and Caitlin moved as one in a pincer attack. An intermediate general like Jiks had no way of dealing with it.
Jiks had lost his sword. It was now impossible for him to run away.
In-gong and Caitlin took deep breaths at the same time. The two of them formed fists and crushed Jik’s chest.
&
[Your level has risen.]
A white light surrounded In-gong as he heard the soft voice.
Caitlin, who had already seen it, looked at In-gong with wide eyes.
‘It reminds me of old times.’
He remembered how he had seen Caitlin right after the first major battle against the Red Lightning tribe. At the time, her whole body had been bloody just like it was now.
It was only a couple of months ago, but it felt like so long because they had been through many things in the meantime.
“Are you okay?”
Caitlin asked, tilting her head. In-gong was standing idly, so she wondered if something was going to happen.
In-gong laughed and said,
“Uh, I’m fine, but is Noona okay?”
“Yes, it isn’t my blood.”
Caitlin gave the same answer as before. In-gong laughed as he recalled the battle when they were rescuing Felicia.
“Shutra! Caitlin!”
In-gong and Caitlin turned their heads simultaneously at Felicia’s call. Felicia was waving and running towards them with Carack.
"Prince! Are you okay? He seemed pretty strong.”
They had been watching the fight from a distance. In-gong scanned Carack up and down and said,
“Are you okay?”
“I’m fine. My shield protected me well.”
Carack grinned and stroked his shield.
In-gong looked around. The men that Mad Dog Jiks had brought were running away in different directions. Almost all of them had died, so In-gong didn’t chase them.
"I-indeed, a royal family. You managed to deal with the infamous Mad Dog Jiks.”
The guide soldier, who ran over with Carack, gazed at Jiks’ corpse and exclaimed with admiration. It seemed like he was more notorious than In-gong thought.
In-gong looked down at Jiks’ lifeless body. He had been an outlaw who didn’t hesitate to do actions like rape and murder. Thanks to him, In-gong learnt things like dragon style and Thousand Poisons Resistance.
‘Yes, let me thank you one last time.’
Jiks still had more to give him.
In-gong asked the guide soldier,
“How much is the bounty on Jiks?”
The more money In-gong had, the better.
In-gong smiled at the number that the guide soldier stuttered out.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 112 Chapter 18: Auction #4.
Chapter 112 - Chapter 18: Auction #4
The location of Evian was similar to the Demon King’s Palace.
Evian, one of the peripheries of the Demon World, was at the east boundary. East of Evian was a place that would be called the Eastern Limit Line. Beyond that were the barbarians who chose to stay outside the Demon World instead of succumbing to the reign of the Demon King’s Palace.
It wasn’t just the location and seasons that determined the climate of the Demon World; there were some mysterious and wonderful elements due to the flow of magic power throughout the area.
Evian was a winter land all year round. As a result, it was virtually barren and the barbarians wandering beyond the Eastern Limit Line made it a difficult place to live.
However, it wasn’t a land that the Demon King’s Palace could leave alone. It wasn’t possible to give the land to the barbarians who wouldn’t submit to the Demon King’s Palace.
The areas around Evian weren’t very hospitable either. Basic laws existed in the Demon World, but there were no such rules around Evian. 
It was obviously a messed-up land with outlaws like Mad Dog Jiks running around. Takar was located near Evian and used this confusion to its advantage. Being a lawless zone meant that regulations and controls were weak.
Takar exploited this fact to become a pleasure ground. Things that would be done underground in other places were openly committed on the streets of Takar in broad daylight.
Takar paid a fair amount of taxes to the Demon King’s Palace and the Demon King’s Palace tolerated the existence of Takar instead of getting rid of them.
In-gong looked at the mini-map and thought about the movement route of the party. There were two main ways to get to Evian Fortress, the ultimate destination of the party. One was via Takar, while the other was moving in a straight line towards Evian.
‘I need to go to Takar.’
It was ridiculous to stay for very long since they were heading for a mission. There was a limit to stopping for a while.
‘I can use the excuse if liquidating my assets that I thought of the other day.’
In-gong slowly nodded and looked at Felicia. 
“Excuse me, Noona.”
Felicia, who had entered her sleeping bag early, stretched out her head at In-gong’s call. Her eyes were full of mischief.
“What? Do you want to go to Takar?”
It was a teasing tone, not cold. In-gong took a deep breath and opened his mouth. 
"I think it would be good to cash in the treasures I gained in the dungeons.”
"Hmm, I see.” 
Felicia’s eyes were full of laughter. As In-gong blushed without knowing it, she kept laughing.
"Yes, we should go with Shutra. I’ve decided that the meeting place is Takar.”
"Meeting place?”
"Yes, aren’t the lycanthropes also coming to Takar?” 
Felicia turned her head to the side and asked. The target of her last question was Caitlin, not In-gong. Caitlin, who was sitting in a comfortable position and circulating her aura, gently nodded.
"That’s right. It’s because Shutra wanted to go there.” 
Unlike Felicia, there was a little bit of distaste in her tone as she finished talking and stared at In-gong.
Felicia laughed as if she found Caitlin funny and spoke to In-gong again. 
"I’ve coordinated it in advance. This is a military mission so it is a good idea to bring some troops as support. The support troops have been preparing for a week already.”
In Knight Saga, there were always reinforcements from draconians during military missions. Even during the Red Lightning Tribe mission, Chris and Caitlin had more than 100 lycanthropes with them. It was natural for there to be reinforcements.
"The reinforcements can’t use the same transportation formation as ours since their departure location isn’t the Demon King’s Palace. So they have to find one of the nearby transport formations, and there is a pretty big one in the vicinity of Takar. So the meeting place is there."
Felicia winked at the end of her words. It was already decided that they would meet at Takar before leaving the Demon King’s Palace, yet she still became irritated when In-gong said he wanted to go to Takar.
Felicia just laughed at In-gong’s expression. He took a deep breath as Felicia spoke again. 
"Shutra, there is something else... the dark elves will be coming as well. So I mean...”
Felicia hesitated as she studied In-gong’s face. Despite the military mission, In-gong couldn’t receive any support from the gandharva. Felicia and Caitlin both received reinforcements while In-gong had none. Instead of being upset like Felicia thought, In-gong just smiled pleasantly.
“I’m fine. Thank you for taking care of me. In addition, I can think of them as my own due to Noona.”
Apart from being in the same faction, this was Felicia, it wasn’t like she was a stranger. Felicia’s face turned lively again at In-gong’s words.
"Isn't it?”
"It is the same with the lycanthropes.” Caitlin quickly added. His greatest allies were probably Chris and the lycanthropes, since he hadn’t met with the queen of the dark elves yet, so he just smiled at Caitlin.
Felicia giggled at Caitlin’s interruption and spread out her fan. 
"Well, we will be able to explore it properly. The meeting place is at Takar but it will take a day or two.”
"Princess, why does it seem like you want to go more than Prince?” 
The quietly listening Carack asked and Felicia just shrugged with a cheeky expression.
"Well, the auction house will be fun.” Caitlin, don’t you think it will be fun?”
"Unni has been to Takar before?” 
Caitlin was immediately interested. Felicia nodded and tapped her fan against Caitlin’s shoulder.
"I’ve already been a few times. So there is no need for a guide. The city won’t meet Shutra’s expectations.”
"E-excuse me?” 
In-gong muttered, but Felicia pretended not to hear him and looked over at Amita.
“It will also be interesting for Amita.”
“Hmm, that noisy and busy place is too annoying.” 
Amita said in a rough voice as they pounded their tail against the ground. They were holding a large jewel in their hand and carving a complicated magic pattern on it.
"Talking raccoon, is the tuning still not finished?” 
Green Wind appeared behind In-gong and asked. 
It had obviously been over a day since they left the Demon King’s Palace but the readjustment still wasn’t completed. Thanks to that, In-gong was forced to use an Earth Quaker that wasn’t finished yet.
Amita looked at Green Wind with grim eyes before pounding their tail again. “Of course it takes a long time without a workshop!”
Amita took a deep breath before speaking to In-gong. "But it will be finished by the end of tomorrow. So don’t worry. It will definitely be finished before we arrive in Evian.”
From the appearance, it seemed like the last task was carving the jewel and inserting it. Felicia reached out to Amita and said in a humble voice, 
"Amita, don’t be offended. I will buy you whatever you want in Takar.”
“Bah, do you think that I’m a child? Don’t think that I will be relieved by such a thing.” 
Then why was their tail waving?
Felicia held back her laughter as she looked over at In-gong who nodded. Caitlin, Carack and the rest of the group also laughed with their eyes, not saying anything out loud.
However, there was one person in the party who was unaware of this. 
"Talking raccoon, your tail is waving.” 
Amita quickly stopped moving their tail at Green Wind’s words, and In-gong made Green Wind turn off her solid state.
&
Takar, the city of pleasure, was divided into two major districts by a central wall. The poor entertainment area was outside the walls while the safe and colourful entertainments were inside the walls.
Outside the walls, the outlaws from around Evian gathered since the security was bad. Sword fights often took place in the gambling halls, the entertainment was in the streets and there were many large and small battles. Many forbidden items in the Demon World were openly sold by streets vendors.
Obviously, Felicia had visited Takar several times, but she’d been inside the wall, not outside.
Felicia headed straight down a relatively safe central road and talked to a gate guard. A few minutes later, a well-dressed man appeared to lead the party to a VIP place.
The place where they were guided had large rooms filled with brilliant colour. It was obviously a house to be rented out since there were several rooms. After unpacking and having a light rest, Felicia grabbed Caitlin and said to In-gong.
"Go with Carack. I'll go shopping with Caitlin. Amita, do you want to go with us?” 
Instead of answering Felicia’s question, Amita jumped into Daphne’s arms. Daphne had a perplexed expression as she nodded on Amita’s behalf.
Felicia smiled before turning to Carack who was standing beside In-gong. 
"Carack, I’ll ask you to control him.”
"Leave it to me.” 
Carack hit his chest with his fist. In-gong just sighed.
"What do you think I’m going to do?”
"I guess we’ll see?” 
Felicia laughed while Caitlin sent a ‘hrmmm’ look towards In-gong.
Felicia spoke again. 
"Let’s meet in the afternoon. We need to participate in the auction at night, so be sure to come back before then.” 
Felicia finished and left with Amita and the other females first. The guide soldier had gone to meet the reinforcements so there was only In-gong and Carack left.
In-gong took a deep breath and said to Carack. 
"Okay, then let’s go to the slave market.” 
He would be able to get rumours about Nayatra’s whereabouts from there.
Carack’s eyes widened at In-gong’s words. 
"Huh? Are you really interested in the slave market?”
"I'm not interested. I have to check something.”
"Um, I understand.” 
Carack nodded with a serious expression. Carack was really a good aide for In-gong. In-gong left the hotel with Carack and looked at several slave shops nearby. However, he didn’t find anything.
"There is no slave called Nayatra.” 
He thought she might be using another name so he looked through the catalog of succubus slaves, but there was nothing.
‘It is reasonable.’ 
In Knight Saga, Zephyr had met Nayatra at the end of Year 513. This was Year 512 so there was a one year difference.
'Should I take the next chance?’
In-gong entered the last slave shop with a face full of regrets.
Carack was looking at In-gong with a mixture of warmth and doubts, while In-gong searched through the succubus slaves. Instead of making fun or teasing In-gong, Carack asked with a serious expression. 
"Is the succubus called Nayatra that important to Prince?”
"She is important." 
It wasn’t just because Nayatra was his subordinate in Knight Saga. She was the key to the lycanthrope subjugation.
Carack narrowed his eyes and asked. 
"Well, Prince. Can you tell me what she looks like? I can ask the slave dealer. Once she comes in, the slave dealer can contact us.”
"The method isn’t bad." 
Nayatra had appeared in the slave auction one year later, so it was likely that she would be in Takar within the next few months.
In-gong described what he remembered. 
"Her hair is pink. Her face is beautiful, even as a succubus... a bit like Flora. I mean, the atmosphere. She has a cool personality like Flora. And there are two yellow horns on her head. Her height is like Felicia noona? Her skin is as white as Caitlin noona’s and her eyes are blue...”
"Does she wear her hair in a ponytail? The ponytail is long enough to reach her hips.” 
Carack interrupted his description. In-gong’s eyes widened.
“That’s right, how did you know?” 
Instead of answering, Carack pointed to a female talking to the slave dealer. She wasn’t a slave but a customer who came to buy a slave.
And In-gong knew her name. 
'Nayatra?’ 
The succubus Nayatra who appeared in the slave auction in one year.
Except right now, she wasn’t a slave.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 113 Chapter 18: Auction #5.
Chapter 113 - Chapter 18: Auction #5
It was an unexpected situation.
Nayatra wasn’t a slave.
In fact, this was more natural. If he looked at the entire Demon World, the number of slaves traded was actually quite small. Apart from places like Takar, it was difficult to find a proper slave market.
Of all the places that In-gong had been to, there hadn’t been a place exclusively for slave trading.
So, why had Nayatra become a slave?
What type of experience changed her from a free person into a slave in just one year?
However, now wasn’t the time to deduce this. While In-gong was thinking, Nayatra had finished her conversation with the slave dealer. She turned and walked away.
“Nayatra!”
In-gong shouted reflexively, but Nayatra didn’t look around and just walked away like it didn’t involve her.
Instead of asking if he was mistaken, Carack started running toward Nayatra, and In-gong hurried to follow. There were so many people on the narrow road, but he still moved quite quickly.
Nayatra turned the corner. In-gong felt an ominous feeling the moment she disappeared from sight. In movies and novels, the person always disappeared after turning the corner.
It was the same in this case as well.
He turned the corner hurriedly but couldn’t see Nayatra. Among the people present, there was no pink hair or even red hair.
In-gong looked around, while Carack peered over the top of the heads but couldn’t see her either. Nayatra must have used stealth or something similar to disappear.
“She looks like the one you called Nayatra, but she ran away. There wasn’t even a reaction.”
Carack said while scratching his forehead.
She hadn’t even blinked at her name being called and just continued on her way. Additionally, she had showed no signs of hurry.
Normally, people couldn’t react like this unless they were prepared for the situation. There would usually be a small flinch or reaction.
Carack’s common sense told him there were only two occupations with such behaviours: one was a thief and the other was assassin.
"Prince, is the relationship between the two of you bad?”
Carack asked In-gong with an expression of concern.
“It isn’t like that. Nayatra doesn’t know me yet. I was a little careless.”
In Knight Saga, Nayatra was both a thief and assassin. If someone she didn’t know called her name, it was natural for her to run away.
Carack was confused by the ‘doesn’t know me yet’ but didn’t ask any more questions. Instead, he comforted In-gong like a good aide.
"It isn’t Prince’s fault. Prince isn’t to blame. She is just too familiar with the area.
His smiling expression was comforting. Was this why Karma, Delia and all the aides were crazy about Carack?
In-gong smiled after being reassured and spoke to the air,
"Green Wind, take a look around.”
‘I understand Master.’
Green Wind, who appeared in a solid state, turned into wind and disappeared. She would observe the area from a high location.
"Carack, let’s go to the slave trader who talked to Nayatra.”
In this current situation, it was In-gong’s only clue. Perhaps he could get more information than expected.
As he entered the store, the trader, who had spoken to Nayatra, came up to him first.
“How can I help you?”
"There is something that we want to ask you.”
Carack smiled widely and handed some money to the trader. In-gong didn’t know how much was given, but it seemed to be an appropriate amount judging by the trader’s expression.
Unfortunately, the slave trader didn’t know that much about Nayatra or how to contact her. He knew that Nayatra had visited once a few months ago and was very curious about the type and number of slaves being traded.
When In-gong saw her, it had been her second visit. If there was a second visit, the possibility of a third visit was also high.
"I want to leave a letter.”
In-gong gave a few ancient gold coins from the dwarf inventory to the slave trader. The trader’s face brightened at the unexpected windfall.
"I'd be happy to lend you my writing instruments. Make yourself comfortable.”
Based on his reaction, there was no need to worry about the letter not being delivered properly.
In-gong thought for awhile before writing the letter.
It was a letter with a brief description of how In-gong wanted to meet her as well as a way to contact him.
At first, it seemed innocuous, but it contained a secret that Nayatra couldn’t ignore.
The next time Nayatra visited, the slave trader should contact In-gong after the letter was delivered, and he would be awarded with more ancient gold coins. Looking at his face, it seemed like In-gong’s request would be fulfilled faithfully.
As he handed the letter over, he heard Green Wind’s voice in his ears. It was a crestfallen voice.
‘Master, I couldn’t see her. I'm sorry.’
“No, good job. Thank you for the hard work.”
In-gong stroked Green Wind’s head. Then he returned to the other slave stores and started questioning them about Nayatra.
There were several more stores that she had visited with the purpose of knowing how many slaves they had.
In-gong left letters at all those stores. Carak, who was watching from the side, reassured In-gong that anyone would be curious after seeing so many letters.
‘It isn’t bad if I spend some money on Nayatra.’
Just as In-gong received information from the slave traders, Nayatra could also get information about the letters.
By the time he visited all the slave stores in Takar twice, it was late afternoon. It was now time to return to the hotel.
Even though In-gong returned to the accommodations with heavy steps, the atmosphere of the others were different.
‘The talking raccoon has become a happy raccoon.'
Like Green Wind said, Amita had become happier as they sat on their tail eating sweets. Every time they ate, their body shook. So, they tried hard to maintain a calm expression.
"What type of candy is that?”
"I went to a sweets shop with Unni. Shutra and Carack should try it. It is really delicious.”
Caitlin laughed at Carack’s question and handed over the sweets. They looked like a bunch of mooncakes.
Although he didn’t really like mooncakes, there was no way to turn down Caitlin’s expectant eyes. In-gong picked up the smallest one and put it in his mouth.
“How is it? Delicious? Yes?”
"Yes, delicious."
It was as he had expected although the taste wasn’t too bitter. It felt like he was eating a macaroon with a very high sugar content.
“Shutra? Did something bad happen?”
Caitlin inquired about In-gong’s complexion. In-gong smiled and shook his head.
"I’m just tired from walking around.”
However, the worry on Caitlin’s face just increased further. Felicia frowned from where she was sitting on the couch and asked,
"Well, why don’t you just rest and not go to the auction in the evening?”
"No, I don’t know when I will be able to come again. I need to participate. And isn’t there still a lot of time left? I will be fine after taking a break.”
They would leave Takar tomorrow afternoon with the reinforcements. So, if he missed this opportunity, there would be no way to participate in the auction for a while.
He had missed Nayatra right in front of him, so he couldn’t miss the auction.
"Then I'm glad. If there is any trouble, just tell me. You don’t have to overdo it.”
“I understand. Then I will get some rest first.”
In-gong entered the room that was assigned to him.
Then after approximately two hours...
The party of well dressed people gathered in the living room of the hotel.
Caitlin was wearing a cute yellow dress, revealing her shoulders which was unlike her usual style.
As In-gong’s eyes widened, Seira laughed and whispered to Carack. It seemed like her usual dresses were due to Chris.
"Does it suit me?”
Caitlin asked with red cheeks. She was very excited about wearing a type of dress that she normally couldn’t wear because of Chris.
In-gong looked Caitlin up and down and laughed.
“Caitlin noona is great.”
As he mimicked Caitlin’s reaction, Seira covered her mouth with her hands while Carack just laughed.
Caitlin looked coy, but it was only for a moment. Then she smiled widely again.
“What about me? Shutra, isn’t this provocative compared to the Demon King’s Palace?”
Unlike Caitlin, Felicia was wearing the same type of clothes. In other words, it was a purple dress with a high degree of exposure. Even though he was familiar with Felicia’s style, In-gong still blushed for a moment.
Felicia laughed as she laid a shawl over her shoulders, then she evaluated In-gong’s attire.
"Black suits you well. Don’t you look a little more mature?"
In-gong usually wore a white suit to the court gatherings.
While Felicia and Caitlin were interested in In-gong’s outfit, Seira and the other aides showed interest in Carack.
Delia approached Carack and said casually,
"Carack, your tie is crooked. I’ll fix it.”
"Oh, thank you.”
"It isn’t a big deal.”
Delia smiled gently as she stuck close to Carack, while Seira, Karma and Daphne’s eyes widened.
In-gong just sighed at the sight.
'Nayatra can’t be like this.’
Of course, Nayatra still hadn’t joined him.
Felicia laughed and approached In-gong.
"Well, I’ll fix Shutra’s suit.”
In-gong had a bow tie, so there was nothing to fix, but he still accepted Felicia’s helping hand.
&
Even if Takar was the city of pleasure, the auction house was just an auction house.
Not only were that various valuables that could be seen in any auction house, there were also things traded in the underground market such as the slave trade. Therefore, a huge amount of money passed through there.
The red auction house shone very brightly.
Sofas were arranged in a semi circle, and In-gong’s party received a great spot in the center.
In-gong looked around from where he was sitting between Felicia and Caitlin. Due to the bright room, it wasn’t difficult to see the faces of those attending.
"Then, I will start today’s auction.”
Everyone’s attention became concentrated on the host, an incubus with red skin, who rang a bell on the stage. Amita, sitting on Daphne’s lap, gazed at the stage with interested eyes and seemed to be feeling better due to the sweets.
The auction was quite interesting, but In-gong was looking around instead of towards the stage.
'My nerves are irritated.’
Somehow, there were a few recognizable faces. He had seen these faces while playing Knight Saga.
However, he didn’t remember where he had seen them since they were either an extra or supporting character.
In-gong was searching through his memories when he suddenly looked at the entrance of the auction house. Someone had come in late.
Their body was substantially larger than Carack’s. He had a pale face, yellow eyes and scar over his right eye. The black hair wriggled randomly like it was alive.
In-gong knew this face. Unlike the others, he clearly remembered where he had seen it.
‘Paratus.’
He was the brother of the barbarian king Karatus, who ruled over the Eastern Limit Line to the east of Evian.
The memories continued... Paratus was one of the generals under the barbarian king.
Why had he appeared in Takar? Was it simply to participate in the auction?
In-gong shook my head. If Paratus coveted something, he would steal it, not buy it. It was clear that he had another reason.
"Carack, something unusual is going to happen.”
In-gong whispered to Carack, who suddenly looked very serious.
"What is it? Is it better to go back straight away?”
The incidents that involved In-gong always turned out unusual. It was natural to be nervous.
In-gong felt somewhat sad but soon regained his spirit. Anyway, he was really worried about the situation.
“There is nothing definite... for the time being -.”
Kwa kwang!
A roar coming from outside the auction house swallowed up the rest of In-gong’s words, and In-gong and Carack stood up without talking.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 114 Chapter 18: Auction #6.
Chapter 114 - Chapter 18: Auction #6
There were other people who were surprised by the explosions and stood up. The staff of the auction house tried to calm people down, but it wasn’t enough.
"Dear customers! Calm down—”
The head of an auction house employee, who was shouting loudly, was destroyed. A barbarian warrior had murdered the employee with a huge hammer-like fist. Someone screamed, and there was an explosion from the auction house. As the auction house shook, flames were spreading everywhere.
In mere seconds, the auction house had become a mess. People were rushing around in the middle of the explosion, and the indiscriminate killing committed by the barbarians added to the confusion. The security personnel around the auction house couldn’t calm down the situation alone.
"Prince!”
Carack exclaimed hurriedly. Instead of responding to his call, In-gong opened the mini-map and searched it.
The explosion had first occurred outside. Maybe it wasn’t just the auction house but all of Takar that was attacked. No, it was reasonable to think so. Otherwise, the current situation couldn’t be explained.
‘A small strike?’
If a large number of barbarians had crossed the Eastern Limit Line, people would have already known about it already. It was obvious that they had to break up into small units in order to infiltrate the city.
In-gong saw that all the barbarian warriors were marked red on the mini-map. In-gong’s allies were blue, while the auction house employees and general customers were grey.
In-gong’s gaze turned toward the brightest red dot. Paratus, the younger brother of the barbarian king Karatus and probably the mastermind of this incident, was heading towards the stage with a ferocious smile on his face.
In-gong sensed it intuitively. The purpose of this incident was evidently the auction items.
However, what type of item would make him do such a bold thing?
The ruler of Takar and the owner of the auction house, Vulcanus, was a tough person. He was sure to retaliate in some way.
In-gong couldn’t think about it for long. The situation was desperate, but it was also due to the new blue dot that appeared on the mini-map.
The blue dot had appeared far away from In-gong’s party and was moving quickly towards the stage. In-gong shifted his gaze hurriedly. Apart from his group, there was only one person in Takar who would be recognized as In-gong’s ally.
‘Nayatra!’
Nayatra was dressed in a black china dress that revealed her thighs. He was drawn back into his memories for a moment but quickly snapped out of it. Nayatra appeared deeply confused by the current situation.
"Prince!”
Carack shouted again. In-gong delayed no longer. He opened his inventory and armed himself.
In-gong equipped White Eagle on his left arm and Earth Quaker on his right arm, while Night Watch was placed around his neck and shoulders.
Earth Quaker had been tuned just before coming to the auction site, so it sparked with a red and yellow glow as it roared. In-gong glanced toward Caitlin.
"Noona, this is a request.”
Instead of asking what he was talking about, Caitlin wound up her long dress. After freeing both legs, a blue aura erupted around her like flames.
Felicia asked in a confused voice,
“Shutra?”
"The barbarians of the Eastern Limit Line!”
In-gong shouted and ran towards the stage. He heard Felicia’s voice again from behind him, but the urgent thing was Nayatra.
As always, time flowed equally as it seemed both fast and slow. Paratus, who had jumped on the stage while In-gong was arming himself, killed the auctioneer in one blow. He threw a scroll that caused a huge explosion and headed behind the stage.
Nayatra moved towards the back of the stage as well. As expected, she was tracking Paratus from a distance.
In-gong jumped onto the stage and threw himself through the flames. At the back of the stage, the screams of the employees could be heard in succession.
“Paratus!”
In-gong didn’t know about the situation inside, so he shouted loudly several times. As soon as he arrived at the place where the auction items were stored, Paratus turned toward In-gong.
As expected, the auction house employees were almost all dead. Paratus had grabbed the neck of an orc security officer and was about to kill him.
Paratus glared at In-gong. Instead of paying attention to Paratus, In-gong looked at the mini-map and the area in front of him simultaneously. Nayatra could no longer be seen on the mini-map as she had gone into stealth. However, the pile of auction items couldn’t escape In-gong’s eyes.
‘The Dragon King’s Golden Helmet!’
He was able to recognize it at a glance because it was special among the A rank items.
As the name suggested, it was a golden helmet carved in the form of a dragon’s head.
The Dragon King’s Golden Helmet was a symbol of King Taratos, the legendary barbarian king.
He could now understand why Paratus was so reckless.
For those who didn’t know the history, it was just a good golden helmet. However, it was different for the barbarians. It was an item that could strengthen the legitimacy of the kingship and elicit absolute support from the tribes.
Paratus squeezed his right hand and killed the orc security officer. Simultaenously, In-gong turned off the mini-map.
“Green Wind!”
White Eagle split into two and flew toward Paratus. While Paratus was surprised by White Eagle and Black Eagle that were emitting a green light, In-gong sprang forwad.
Kwang!
In an instant, In-gong narrowed down his distance toward Paratus and ran past him instead of attacking. Paratus panicked, but White Eagle and Black Eagle acted under Green Wind and blocked Paratus’ view.
In-gong arrived at the place where the auction items were piled up and reached out to the glass box containing the golden helmet. He had felt the anti-theft spell when he entered the auction house, but he ignored it. In-gong instantly conquered the spell and put the item in his inventory.
Paratus ignored White Eagle and Black Eagle and sprang toward In-gong. However, Green Wind blocked Paratus once again. White Eagle and Black Eagle created a green barrier that blocked Paratus’ way.
In-gong didn’t miss the gap created. He reached for the auction items piled up with the golden helmet. It was obvious that all the items would be destroyed when they fought here, and as expected, there were items he knew Nayatra was targeting.
‘Nayatra’s secondary occupation is a thief!’
Although she had been called Zephyr’s knight, Nayatra’s expertise wasn’t fighting but in infiltration and information gathering.
Due to this, In-gong had Nayatra perform more information gathering missions, instead of escort missions in Knight Saga.
Additionally, Nayatra’s ability as a thief shone every time.
He had used her skills in Knight Saga without thinking, but where had Nayatra learnt her thief skills? Was she an assassin and thief before she became a slave?
If had she appeared at the auction to steal one of the items, maybe she had been caught and turned into a slave.
It was just a guess, but everything fit.
Then as if to prove In-gong’s reasoning, he heard a swallowed moan. She was astonished to see the auction items disappearing as soon as In-gong’s hands reached for them.
"You bastard!"
‘Master!’
Paratus and Green Wind exclaimed. Instead of aiming for Paratus, In-gong triggered Night Watch’s Blink and moved to Nayatra. Nayatra turned her head at the blue fog, but In-gong had already grabbed her arm.
‘Master!’
Green Wind shouted again. It seemed like she had reached the limit of stopping Paratus.
“Carack!”
In-gong pulled Nayatra and used Call on Carack. Carack appeared with whirling eyes and In-gong said quickly,
"Take Nayatra and leave here!”
"W-wait a minute!"
Nayatra cried out in a confused voice. Carack grasped the situation immediately and looked up at the ceiling with a surprised expression.
“Heok! Look at that!”
It was a tense and desperate situation, so Nayatra and Paratus reflexively looked up at the ceiling.
Just then, Carack moved. He hit the back of Nayatra’s neck.
“Keok?”
Nayatra leaned forward with a pained moan. It was a situation where he had failed to stun her with a blow, but Carack didn’t care. Nayatra wasn’t knocked out, but she was defenseless. Carack carried her onto his shoulders and started running.
Both In-gong and Paratus were surprised by what happened in front of them, but it was only for a moment.
Today was the first time Paratus had seen Nayatra. Although unfamiliar things were popping up in succession, this was irrelevant to Paratus. The only thing that mattered to Paratus right now was the Dragon King’s Golden Helmet.
In-gong regained his spirit as well. The process was quite violent, but he was able to secure Nayatra. He would chat with her later.
‘Master!’
Green Wind called to In-gong once again. Her call felt somewhat sad. This time, In-gong produced white aura and green magic power simultaneously.
Paratus was in a frenzy because he couldn’t get the golden helmet. Even if In-gong had come to defend Evian, he couldn’t let the golden helmet pass into the hands of the barbarians.
White Eagle and Black Eagle, which had been desperately interfering with Paratus, returned to In-gong’s side. Earth Quaker responded to the dragon style by growling angrily as the scales darkened.
Paratus then triggered an explosive aura of vengefulness. In-gong felt the creepy roar of a lion, but he didn’t turn his gaze. He formed a fist and activated Dragon Blood.
Paratus, the brother of the barbarian king—he was considered a strong warrior even among the barbarians.
In-gong took a deep breath.
Then the battle began.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 115 - Chapter 18: Auction #7
In Knight Saga, it had been Year 515 when he fought the barbarians beyond the limit line.
At that time, Caitlin had been much weaker than she was during the lycanthrope subjugation in Year 516, but that was because she had still been a teenage girl.
The already mature Paratus would have a similar strength to Mad Dog Jiks. 
Paratus’ strength was at least that of an intermediate general. However, he was much fiercer than Mad Dog Jiks, and he was also aiming for In-gong’s life.
‘The unique characteristic of barbarians is their Body Hardening technique!’
As the name suggested, it was a technique that strengthened the body. 
However, it wasn’t a skill that could be acquired. Just as dragon technique required dragon characteristics, the barbarian’s Body Hardening required a body that inherited the blood of a barbarian.
After triggering Body Hardening, Paratus’ upper body swelled. The suit he was wearing tore apart in an instant, revealing a grey shell, that was like a crustacean’s, which covered the skin. 
It went beyond strengthening the body and appeared more like he was forming an armour around it.
Paratus normally carried a large weapon in Knight Saga, but he was now bare-handed. However, In-gong wasn’t fully alert, and Paratus didn’t miss this moment.
Kwang!
A huge crack formed on the ground where Paratus had been, but In-gong didn’t confront Paratus, who was like a runaway train. He avoided the blow quickly using Wind Style.
Kwa kwang!
Paratus’s fist struck the place where In-gong was standing. The floor that was hit by the hardened fist cracked and dozens of stones flew up.
In-gong looked at the floor and Paratus at the same time. As In-gong used Wind Style again, he transferred aura into Earth Quaker.
Paratus turned toward In-gong. As White Eagle and Black Eagle rushed toward Paratus, In-gong poured aura, magic power and divine power into Earth Quaker.
It was a different feeling from when he fought Mad Dog Jiks.
There was no sense of incompatibility with Earth Quaker. It was as if Earth Quaker had been made for In-gong from the beginning. 
The flow of aura had also changed. Earth Quaker accepted In-gong’s aura naturally. Not only was the aura absorbed faster than before, the absorption efficiency was even better now.
Amita had strengthened White Eagle externally; Black Eagle had been added, and there were new accessories.
Earth Quaker had been tuned, and the Great Enkidu’s equipment was now reborn as In-gong’s.
While In-gong focused all his consciousness on it, Paratus read White Eagle’s and Black Eagle’s movements and rushed toward one side. In-gong continued to inject aura into Earth Quaker.
It took a few seconds for Paratus to catch up with In-gong, who retreated again and activated Night Watch’s Blink.
Blink was different from the magic installed in the transportation formations. It only moved a short distance, and there had to be no obstacles between the caster and the target destination. 
Night Watch’s Blink could be used three times a day.
A dark blue fog appeared as the second Blink was triggered, and Paratus’ punch went through the air. In-gong landed on the ground 10 meters away, but Paratus didn’t stop and searched around for In-gong like a wild beast.
However, 10 meters was not a short distance, and Paratus narrowed the distance between him and In-gong in an instant.
Instead of blinking or stepping back, In-gong ran toward the spot where Paratus had first hit the ground.
“You!”
Paratus cried out angrily. As In-gong kept on running away, Paratus was incensed.
However, In-gong just ignored it. Rather, he was hoping that Paratus would lose his temper. During the few seconds of time Blink had created, he inserted more aura into Earth Quaker.
Paratus had an ominous and urgent feeling. In-gong was focusing power on his right hand, and it seemed like a big thing that might explode at any moment.
Paratus roared loudly. The powerful energy from the roar was a weapon in itself. It would cause the body to freeze momentarily.
However, In-gong just ignored Paratus’s roar. In-gong had endured the gaze of the demon king. So, he didn’t even need to use the power of the Tears of a Dark Elf as he ignored Paratus’ roar and prepared the technique.
Paratus, who rushed toward In-gong as soon as he roared, hesitated. Indeed, he had the gut instinct of a beast. Instead of rushing toward Paratus, In-gong raised his fist high.
He couldn’t allow Paratus to get the golden helmet, but that didn’t mean he had to deal with Paratus here. 
Right now, Paratus didn’t have the golden helmet. It was In-gong who had it!
‘True Destruction!’
This was Earth Quaker's super special move. A white aura spread as In-gong’s knuckles hit the ground. Like collapsed dominoes, hundreds of cracks covered the ground instantly.
Paratus’ mouth dropped open, but In-gong hadn’t used True Destruction on Paratus.
Kwaaaaaang!
In-gong had seen the aftermath of True Destruction in Spider Forest, where the terrain had been destroyed. He had hit the ground directly, so it couldn’t endure the pressure despite In-gong controlling the power. The thick stone floor, that was a few meters in diameter, broke into dozens of pieces, and Paratus fell along with the floor.
Takar’s auction house was located in a sunny spot, not the shade. Furthermore, under the auction house, there was a wall with a high ceiling of approximately 20 meters.
In-gong, who had grasped the floor plan of the auction house from the mini-map, had no intention of having a full frontal battle with Paratus from the very beginning. The most important thing had been to secure Nayatra and the golden helmet, not fight the boss on the premises.
Thanks to Night Watch’s ability to fly, In-gong flew up and stepped on White Eagle. He could hear Green Wind crying that she didn’t want to lose to Night Watch.
In-gong looked down below. The damage was so enormous that it seemed like the building itself was going to collapse. Additionally, he couldn’t see Paratus because he was buried in heavy debris.
In-gong was satisfied with this much.
It was unlikely that Paratus would die from this, but he would take a long time to climb back up. At that point, he might be blocked by subordinates of Takar’s ruler, Vulcanus, and be unable to return at all.
In-gong stopped thinking about Paratus and flew in the direction that Carack had headed toward. It wasn’t long before he found Carack’s hiding place through the mini-map.
‘Prince!’
Carack mouthed while hiding against a wall. He was hugging Nayatra tightly with one hand, while his other hand covered her mouth.
‘A complete kidnapper.’
He felt sorry for Carack, but there was no other interpretation of the scene. In-gong jumped from White Eagle and approached Carack.
"There was the sound of fighting over there, so I had to hide.”
In-gong nodded. Carack was currently unarmed, and he was carrying Nayatra. He would be unable to counterattack properly, so going out would just lead to death.
"What about that big guy? I heard a huge sound.”
"I made it so he can’t chase us.”
In-gong responded and looked at Nayatra. He could only see half her face since it was covered by Carack’s large hand, but she was accepting the situation quite calmly.
It was indeed Nayatra, who had been called the ‘Ice Knight’ among Zephyr’s subordinates. Instead of struggling to escape from Carack, Nayatra stared straight into In-gong’s eyes.
Fear and wonder could be seen in that calmness. In-gong narrowed the distance with Nayatra, and instead of giving her the same greeting as when he had first encountered Vandal, In-gong delivered a name to her through magic.
'Rafiseria.’
At that moment, Nayatra’s eyes widened. She tried to speak despite her mouth being blocked,
‘How— How do you know that name!’
Nightmares were a species known for indulgence, but there was a contradiction. Although they joined their bodies easily with others, they had one true love.
There was only one in their life, and once found, they would never betray their love. Even their parents weren’t allowed to know their true name. This name was something that only their true love would know.
‘The path that Zephyr used to learn it was a bit different though.’
A nightmare slave was forced to tell their master their true name. Since the name itself contained magic, the nightmare couldn’t go against their master.
‘Rafiseria.’
Nayatra fell into confusion after hearing her true name. The calmness, that hadn’t been lost due to the kidnapping, collapsed completely.
In-gong glanced at Carack, who then let Nayatra go. In-gong grabbed Nayatra’s hand and said,
"I'll explain everything later. Just follow me once. I don’t mean to do anything to you.”
Nayatra’s eyes shook, and she bit her lip before nodding.
“I understand. It is an emergency, so I will listen to the story later.”
"Yes, thank you."
In-gong sighed with relief, not that it was unlikely that she would vanish.
‘There is a high chance that I have the things Nayatra is looking for.’
In fact, he had one more reason to smash the floor and destroy the place where the auction items were stored. 
He had placed the auction items in his inventory.
In Knight Saga, Vulcanus was like a villainous merchant, so In-gong’s conscience wasn’t affected.
Moreover, if he left the items there, they would have been lost or destroyed by Paratus.
‘It is a good thing. Uhh, yes. That’s right.’
In-gong coughed and opened his inventory hurriedly. He didn’t know what items he had gotten aside from the Dragon King’s Golden Helmet, but now wasn’t the time to look through them one by one.
In-gong took out a dwarf axe and shield and threw them to Carack.
Then In-gong looked back at Nayatra. She was amazed by In-gong, who had pulled the axe and shield out of the air. However, Nayatra held a dagger in her hands—she was a skilled thief and assassin.
"Nayatra, follow me. And Carack, I will lead the way. Protect my back.”
“Understood. Be careful, Prince.”
Carack smiled and stepped back. Nayatra’s eyes widened again.
“P-prince?”
The shock in her eyes wasn’t like when females met the idol singers they worshipped but a pleasant surprise in the eyes that were as calm as a lake.
‘That reminds me, didn’t Nayatra like fairy tales?’
Moreover, it seemed like her personality was more active than it had been before she became a slave in Knight Saga.
"I will also explain that later.”
In-gong said with a smile before starting to run.
&
“Shutra!”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 116 - Chapter 18: Auction #8
There were still barbarians in the passage leading from the back of the stage to the auction house. They were amazed by the tremendous noise that triggered the collapse, but they seemed to be waiting for Paratus to join them.
‘Well, that doesn’t really matter!’
With White Eagle and Black Eagle surrounding him, In-gong narrowed the distance to the nearest enemy.
He had used True Destruction, but due to regulating his power and Earth Quaker being readjusted, his stamina, aura and mental state weren’t drained like they had been when he fought against the guardian. Currently, half of his aura was left, and his stamina was recovering thanks to a recovery potion.
Most of the barbarian warriors Paratus had brought were elites and had fairly high levels of Body Hardening. So, instead of fighting them, In-gong used Explosive Power and Great Mountain to push them far away.
Arang was good when hitting the body directly, but Arang was clearly a technique of Divine Beast Authority and consumed a lot of aura. In-gong wouldn’t be able to stand up if he continued using Arang.
“Kuooh!”
In-gong used Great Mountain to split the enemies on either side of him and grasped the remaining number of enemies by using the mini-map. After this event, he would think about developing an internal blow technique similar to Arang or try to develop a weaker version of Arang with Caitlin.
‘Master!’
Green Wind called from in front of In-gong. White Eagle and Black Eagle revolved like a dancing couple in the middle of the passage, striking the chest of a barbarian. It was the last enemy on the mini-map.
"Well done! Green Wind!”
In-gong didn’t forget to praise Green Wind who laughed brightly. While In-gong had been striking from the front, Carack hadn’t forgotten to push the enemies away with the shield.
"There will be enemies inside the auction house. Don’t relax!”
“Understood!”
Carack cried out in response, and Nayatra nodded gently. In-gong couldn’t help smiling. 
It was reassuring that he had Nayatra, one of his three most trusted subordinates in Knight Saga, with him.
‘Vandal.’
In-gong was reminded of Vandal, with whom he had shaken hands. Now that In-gong had secured Nayatra, the next one was Vandal. It wouldn’t be long before they could shake hands again.
In-gong recalled White Eagle and Black Eagle, and instead of jumping right into the auction house, he paused for a moment and looked at the mini-map. Fortunately, the situation inside the auction house was better than In-gong had expected.
“Caitlin.”
Caitlin played a big role this time. Unlike previously, she didn’t have any blood covering her body because she was fighting barbarians with hard skins. However, she had defeated a significant number of them.
She was bare-handed because it was forbidden to carry weapons inside the auction house, but Carack and Delia were the only ones who required a weapon in the first place. 
Caitlin and Seira used their fists, while Felicia was a magician, and Karma use her legs and the spirit magic that she was learning. Additionally, there was also the druid, Daphne.
In movies, terrorists would try to hold hostages, but these barbarians didn’t even try.
The situation was favourable to In-gong’s side.
It was due to the outstanding performance of their big party, but there were other factors that made the situation better. 
In addition to the fact that the troops who searched for Paratus hadn’t returned, most of the people who attended the auction house were prominent figures. 
Moreover, although the casualties were large at the beginning, most of the damage had been concentrated on the auction house personnel, so the power of the escorts were preserved.
After grasping the situation, In-gong ran towards Caitlin and the party. Instead of opening the road, White Eagle and Black Eagle escorted Carack and Nayatra.
“Shutra!”
Caitlin, who had been busy fighting, was the first to notice In-gong’s approach due to the Starlight Core. 
It was strange to see her smiling so prettily while holding the head of a barbarian warrior.
In-gong laughed and joined Caitlin.
“Shutra! What on earth happened? I heard a huge sound! Are you okay? You aren’t hurt anywhere?”
Felicia hurried forward and poured out a barrage of questions. Even while asking questions, Felicia looked In-gong up and down to check if he was wounded.
“I’m fine. There was a fight with Paratus, the younger brother of the barbarian king. That sound was the sound of the floor crumbling. He fell down, but I’m safe.”
In-gong answered the questions one by one, but there were still some questions remaining. Felicia made a startled expression.
“The barbarian king’s brother? How do you know... no, that doesn’t matter. It isn’t the important thing right now.”
Felicia took a deep breath and muttered ‘Because it is Shutra.’ before speaking in a louder voice.
"As you can see, the situation is almost calm. However, there is still a disturbance outside.”
There were few people fighting inside the auction house right now. Most of the barbarian warriors fled or were collapsed, while those who were still fighting were being attacked one-sidedly.
"The barbarians are attacking Takar itself?”
Felicia nodded at In-gong’s question.
"That's right. There must have been some enemies hiding inside the castle. They set fire everywhere to cause a fuss. If the barbarian king’s brother is inside like you said... Was it perhaps for the auction goods?”
It was impossible that the brother of the barbarian king would be under someone’s command. The strongest power had attacked the auction house, so it was right to presume that the auction house was the goal.
‘The place where the floor collapsed— is it the temporary storage place for the auction items? Did you take the auction items?’
Felicia asked the question through a magic spell. Her eyes showed that she had already guessed the answer.
“Perhaps. Let's talk about that later.”
Felicia nodded with a satisfied expression at In-gong’s answer.
"Yes, let’s wait here for a while. Vulcanus knows the importance of the auction house and will send people soon. It would be safer to stay here than to go elsewhere.”
Takar was literally his domain. The situation had already calmed, so there was no need to venture to a place where there was still fighting.
In-gong nodded in agreement. It was a situation where the auction items had already been stolen, and they could act like the ‘royal family’ had repelled the enemies. The main priority was to ensure the safety of the party.
‘Even if Paratus comes back, it is better in here.’
As Felicia said, Vulcanus’ troops would come sooner or later. Moreover, Caitlin was here as well. 
In-gong might struggle alone against Paratus, but the story was different with the addition of Caitlin. Rather, Paratus should be the one worrying about his life.
After Felicia and In-gong wrapped up their conversation, Delia asked a question,
"9th Prince, who is that person with you?”
She was pointing to Nayatra, who stood between In-gong and Carack. In-gong brought Nayatra forward and said,
“Nayatra. She’ll be coming along with us for a while.”
“A succubus?”
Felicia asked with confusion. Nayatra smiled gently and said,
"It's a honour to meet you. I am Nayatra.”
While listening to the conversation, she determined that Felicia was a princess. Felicia looked over at Nayatra and introduced herself,
“6th Princess Felicia Doomblade. This is my younger sister, 8th Princess Caitlin Moonlight.”
Nayatra glanced over at Caitlin and bowed politely.
Felicia glanced at In-gong.
"Is this also something to talk about later?”
“Yes, later.”
He had to finish discussing things with Nayatra first. Right now, the situation was difficult, so it was hard to speak.
In-gong replied with an awkward grin, while Felicia laughed and introduced the rest of the companions to Nayatra. 
They started greeting each other, then Caitlin tugged at In-gong’s sleeve.
"Excuse me, Shutra.”
“Huh?”
“That... do you have something like a big cloth or cloak?”
“Cloth or cloak? Why?"
Caitlin turned red at In-gong’s question. In-gong understood Caitlin’s words when he looked at her.
Caitlin’s hands were holding down the short, torn hem. 
She hadn’t noticed while fighting, but now she was shy about her clothing after the fight had ended. 
Instead of embarrassing Caitlin, In-gong handed over a high quality piece of cloth from his inventory. It was something he had found in Thunderdoom Fortress.
“Thank you.”
Caitlin hurriedly formed a temporary skirt by tying it around her waist and sighed with relief. Then she thanked In-gong with a bright smile.
‘Relax.’
In-gong stroked Caitlin’s head unknowingly due to forming the habit with Green Wind. Caitlin laughed and looked at the entrance of the auction house.
Vulcanus’ troops were entering the auction house.
&
The ones who entered the auction house were Vulcanus’ elites called the Red Wolves. As the name suggested, all of them wore red suits and explained the situation to the customers of the auction house.
This was a rough summary:
“Some barbarians attacked Takar, but they were almost exterminated. We are extremely sorry that you, our customers have become involved in this. and you will be compensated. There are still barbarians left, so please stay in the auction house for now.”
Most of the deaths were the auction house employees, so there were few fatalities among the customers.
Thanks to the repeated emphasis on compensation and the energy coming from the red wolves, the customers stopped their angry remarks.
It was at that moment that a few of the Red Wolves, who had gone to look behind the stage of the auction house, reported back to the commander with pale faces. They were speaking in whispers, so In-gong couldn’t hear it. However, he had a rough idea of the contents of the conversation.
The place where the auction items had been stored was empty. That was the only possible conversation they could be having.
Felicia poked In-gong’s side gently, and he restored his expression.
Then after approximately dozens of minutes, someone approached the Red Wolves guarding the entrance. It was the guide soldier who assisted In-gong’s party.
Felicia explained quickly to the Red Wolves, and the guide soldier was brought to the party.
The soldier seemed like he had sprinted here as he was gasping roughly for air.
"Your Highness, it is urgent.”
“What is urgent?”
In-gong and Caitlin sensed the atmosphere and approached the guide soldier. 
The guide soldier hurriedly said,
“The barbarian army has crossed the boundary. The barbarian king is attacking directly!”
Barbarian King Karatus... was crossing the Eastern Limit Line!
Felicia swallowed her saliva. In-gong grabbed the guide soldier’s shoulder and asked urgently,
“General Vandal? What happened to the general?”
"H-he led troops to intercept them. Evian is calling for support.”
In-gong was reminded of the battle with the barbarians in Knight Saga. He could now understand why Paratus had done such a reckless robbery.
It was a simultaneous attack. Evian and Takar’s auction house were both attacked in order to secure the Dragon King’s Golden Helmet.
“Shutra.”
Felicia looked at In-gong with a desperate face, and In-gong was reminded of the barbarian king as he looked at Felicia.
The barbarian king was even stronger than Zephyr in Year 515. That meant he was stronger than Vandal.
Now wasn’t the time to stay in Takar. In-gong looked towards the south-east where Vandal was.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 117 - Chapter 19: Change
Karatus, the barbarian king, had crossed the border.
In-gong thought back to Paratus. As the barbarian king’s younger brother, his value was both small and big. If he was caught as a prisoner, he could be used somehow.
Was Paratus still caught under the pile of rubble? Or had he already moved? It had been close to 20 minutes since he used True Destruction. It wasn’t a long time, but it should be enough for Paratus to climb out from that spot.
Paratus was strong. So, In-gong wasn’t sure he could win against Paratus in a one on one fight. In a situation where there was no one supporting In-gong from behind, In-gong could lose his life in an instant.
It was a situation where he had to prioritize securing Nayatra, so he avoided the battle. 
However, what if that was the wrong move? Would it have been better to fight?
“Relax, Shutra.”
Felicia said, placing a hand on In-gong’s shoulder. In-gong recovered his spirit and looked over at Felicia thankfully.
She just laughed, immediately understanding what In-gong was thinking.
"The situation has changed. Once again, relax. Do you think that General Vandal has already been cornered?”
Her words were right.
At the time of his confrontation with Paratus, he hadn’t know the barbarian king was moving. Moreover, the reason he had avoided fighting was because he wasn’t certain he would win. If he had known the information, he would’ve taken risks. However, the previous situation wasn’t one where he should’ve taken the risk of fighting.
The barbarian king had crossed the border, and Vandal had moved to intercept him. It was done. As Felicia had said, Vandal wasn’t in danger yet. He needed to calm down.
"If it is General Vandal, he will do well. So, let’s wait. This isn’t a situation where we should rush. Wait until tomorrow to lead the troops."
This was the right move. The barbarian king hadn’t crossed the border with simply a few of his men... He had crossed with an army. In order to fight against the barbarian king, he needed more troops.
“Noona is correct.”
Felicia sighed with relief at In-gong’s answer and turned her gaze back to the Red Wolves. The Red Wolves weren’t moving quickly, so it was likely that Paratus had already escaped.
“Tomorrow morning, the dark elves will arrive. The lycanthropes are also supposed to arrive at noon. Let us depart tomorrow afternoon as scheduled. We will hurry after meeting with the troops. Do you understand?”
In-gong nodded again at Felicia’s words. Caitlin also nodded by In-gong’s side as though she agreed. 
In-gong took a deep breath to calm himself and turned his gaze to Nayatra. She was also surprised by the news about the barbarian king, and there was an uneasy look in her eyes.
In-gong needed to get Nayatra first. He needed to finish his business with her.
In-gong looked at the clock on the mini-map. ...It seemed like it would be a very long night.
&
By the time In-gong’s party returned to their hotel from the auction house, it was already midnight.
Half of the barbarians that attacked Takar had been caught and the rest had escaped.
Vulcanus, who had looked in briefly on the auction house, had been furious. Despite being in front of customers, he hadn’t been able to control his anger and had cursed several times.
Vulcanus was a VIP member of the dark elves, but he wasn’t part of the royal family. The reason why he wasn’t able to get any reinforcements was precisely because Takar was a self-governing territory. So,  instead of revealing their identities, In-gong and Felicia had departed from the auction house with the other guests.
In-gong’s hotel was fine except for some minor damage to the exterior walls. Thanks to that, they were able to take a break.
In-gong washed and changed his clothes before calling Carack and Nayatra to his room.
"Wasn’t I supposed to tell you the story?”
Nayatra responded to In-gong’s words with a slight frown, as though it was slightly unexpected.
"This is faster than I thought.”
"There is an urgent matter, so I want to say it.”
If possible, he wanted to finish his business with Nayatra today. 
Nayatra nodded at In-gong’s words and sighed like she had been holding her breath. She straightened her posture and asked In-gong,
"Your Highness, how did you know my name?”
It was the biggest reason why she hadn’t tried to slip away when they moved from the auction house to the hotel.
However, In-gong couldn’t tell her the truth. She wouldn’t believe it even if he told her honestly.
In-gong smiled.
"I'm sorry, I can't tell you right now. However, I would like to make a proposal to you, if you would listen?”
“What is it?”
Nayatra asked with a slightly wary look. In-gong shrugged slightly.
"I want to hire Nayatra as my subordinate. Of course, you don't have to worry about how you will be treated. I will treat you well as a prince’s escort knight.”
Nayatra’s eyes narrowed. Instead of trying to read Nayatra’s mind, In-gong immediately added something else,
"I will give this as a down payment.”
In-gong pulled out a small white jewel box with red gems embedded in it from his inventory. It was just for a moment, but Nayatra’s eyes shook.
"Didn’t you show up at the auction house because you wanted this?”
Nayatra could no longer hide her agitation, and In-gong sighed with relief.
‘This is right.’
He had seen it when he looked through the auction items. It was because this jewel box was an item that Nayatra always carried in Knight Saga. He had brought it along with Nayatra at the auction house and would be able to raise his favorability with her by giving it to her.
The relationship between Nayatra and the jewel box hadn’t been revealed in Knight Saga, but it was clear that Nayatra treasured it very much.
In-gong smiled at her, and Nayatra’s shoulders shook as she nodded. She responded with some resignation,
“That’s right, this is the only keepsake of my dead older sister. It had been taken from me forcibly during my childhood... It took me 10 years to find out where it was.”
It was such a sad tone that In-gong’s heart tightened just by hearing it. Carack, standing by the door, made a pitiful expression like he wanted to cry.
However, In-gong was different. He was ridiculously impressed.
‘Indeed, Nayatra.’
Her acting ability was truly abnormal. If In-gong hadn’t known the truth, he would have believed her completely.
“But Nayatra, you don’t have a dead sister, do you?”
Nayatra was an only child. It was a story he had heard many times in Knight Saga. 
After hearing In-gong’s words, Carack’s eyes widened with disbelief while Nayatra swallowed her saliva. She spoke with a pale face,
"I am a little scared now. Your Highness, how do you know so much about me?"
The person in front of Nayatra knew her name as well as her sibling relationship. Additionally, why had he been looking for her?
Had he been watching her for a long time?
As she thought about it some more, Nayatra got goosebumps. She was disturbed by the idea that she hadn’t known someone had been watching her.
Nayatra had the nickname of ‘ice’, so it was rare for her to show emotion. In-gong felt a little embarrassed after seeing her pale face.
He said with an awkward smile,
"I'm sorry, I can’t tell you that now either. But if you accept my proposal, I will let you know in the future.”
It was a slight threat. It wasn’t easy to share inner workings with someone who had such professions. Furthermore, In-gong was a prince of the Demon King’s Palace. Even though it was a plain proposal, it was hard to refuse.
‘A complete villain.’
However, he couldn’t do anything else. There was a lack of time, and there was no way to explain convincingly as to how he knew the truth. His task was to secure her as a subordinate.
Nayatra shrugged and hesitated to answer. Then Carack added,
“It is better to agree.”
It was advice based on what he had been through. However, it was seen as a threat.
Nayatra, who was careful around Carack ever since the neck hitting incident, made a disgusted expression and bit her lip. She looked straight at In-gong with a determined expression and said,
“Okay, I’ll be Your Highness’ escort knight. But Your Highness, can you really make an unknown person like me your escort knight?”
In-gong nodded and responded,
"I know about Nayatra.”
It was the truth.
Nayatra didn’t know how to respond to In-gong’s words. Her confusion was quite cute.
In-gong added something else,
“Isn’t collecting information Nayatra’s specialty? Although you will be my escort knight, your job will be more on the side of information gathering. It is the right place for you.”
Nayatra was no longer surprised. She shrugged and spoke in a voice filled with resignation,
“I understand. I didn’t expect this to happen at the night market, but it can’t be helped. I will join Your Highness.”
In-gong jerked at the words ‘night market’, but it was only for a moment. He turned a bit red and rose from his seat.
"Good, then I will appoint you as my knight. Kneel down.”
Nayatra frowned at In-gong’s words and asked carefully,
"Is it a magic spell?”
She was worried about it being similar to a slave contract. In-gong answered with a calm face,
“I am a prince of the Demon King’s Castle. It can’t just be through words. Carack went through the same process, so don’t worry so much. Nayatra, I won’t harm you.”
He smiled at the end, but Nayatra’s expression didn’t brighten. In-gong would have made a similar look if he were in the same situation as Nayatra.
“I would like to believe Your Highness.”
It seemed like she was half asking a question. In-gong replied in a serious tone,
"Please trust me. I won’t harm you.”
Nayatra smiled and then wiped all expression from her face. She went down on one knee in front of In-gong and bowed her head. 
In-gong pulled a dwarf sword from his inventory and moved it over both of her shoulders. He invoked The King's Knights like he had done with Carack and Karma.
“Nayatra, I appoint you as my knight.”
It was a declaration that contained magic. The white power of Conquest rose and enveloped Nayatra.
“Ohh.”
Carack exclaimed unknowingly with admiration. Covered in a white light, Nayatra closed her eyes and In-gong did as well. In the darkness, In-gong was facing a woman with white hair and red and blue eyes.
'Punishment, obedience, governance.’
The white woman said with a gentle smile. 
Her eyes were warm as she looked at In-gong. 
In-gong nodded. There were many things he wanted to talk about with the white woman, but he instinctively knew that it wasn’t the time.
In-gong opened his eyes and saw Nayatra shaking in fear and ecstasy. He injected the power of Conquest through the sword above her shoulder.
Nayatra flinched but didn’t resist. She accepted In-gong’s Conquest. 
She became a new King’s Knight.
That wasn’t all. The present ceremony held more meaning than that.
[The level of Conquest has risen.]
[The level of The King's Knights has risen.]
[The maximum number of people in the The King's Knights has increased from three to five.]
[The level of Conquest Knight has risen.]
[The King's Knights: Conquest Coat of Arms Lv1 has been acquired.]
Letters made of white light rose in succession.
Naturally, In-gong triggered Conquest Coat of Arms. At that moment, a white coat of arms formed on Carack and Nayatra’s forehead. The same thing was probably happening to Karma, who was standing outside the room.
Nayatra opened her eyes slowly. Rather than with fear, she was looking up at In-gong with eyes full of envy and wonder.
In-gong put away the sword and reached out a hand to Nayatra.
Nayatra didn’t reject this time. She accepted In-gong’s hand with a small smile.
&
Zephyr raised his head, and he looked toward the southeast for some reason.
He felt a strange feeling of loss.
“Why?”
He asked but didn’t receive an answer.
Conquest, War, Death and Famine...
Zephyr shook his head. Then he turned his red gaze away from the southeast and back to the north.
&
The demon king watched the night sky.
However, he wasn’t looking at the dark blue sky or the myriad of stars.
It was at this moment that...
The demon king knew. His intuition was good.
Fate had changed. There was a change in the flow. 
If fate was a flowing river, there was only a small change in the current. Even so, it was a clear change. The demon king didn’t miss this fact.
He wondered what the cause was. How could fate be twisted?
The demon king gazed at the night sky. He remembered the face of Semita Ignus, the 5th Queen who was no longer in this world.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 118 - Chapter 20: Blitz
The coat of arms on Nayatra and Carack’s forehead, which were made of light, were gorgeous and beautiful. 
The King’s Knights—the symbol indicated that they were apostles of Conquest. 
Conquest’s Coat of Arms meant that Nayatra and Carack, as well as Karma outside the room, were under In-gong’s control.
‘There is an effect.’
The coat of arms wasn’t simply to declare affiliation. The coat of arms itself had power.
First of all, it strengthened their abilities.
When he used Conquest Coat of Arms, all the stats of the King’s Knights increased by 20%. Additionally, the effect of Below the King’s Flag was greater. Both of these effects had a synergistic effect.
Next was the strengthening of solidarity. 
In-gong could see the awareness in Nayatra’s eyes, and he felt a bit of goodwill. 
In-gong then shifted his gaze toward Carack, who looked at the white light surrounding his body and smiled.
"I can feel my loyalty to Prince rising.”
They weren’t simply words; it truly was the case.
In-gong nodded slowly and looked at Nayatra again. Unlike Carack who was accustomed to the power of Conquest due to Below the King’s Flag, this was the first time she had experienced the strangeness of Conquest.
‘I guess I won’t have to worry about her running away?'
He had been worried because this was a contract half-accepted through intimidation. The reason why he had her join the King's Knights was so that he could use Call whenever she tried to escape. 
However, looking at Nayatra’s eyes right now, it seemed like there would be no need to use Call.
The third effect of Conquest Coat of Arms was strengthening his governance. 
Before, In-gong had only known Carack’s level but not his detailed stats, but that was different now. In-gong was able to see Carack’s stats as well as his own.
‘His persistence is no joke.’
His persistence and durability were overwhelmingly high compared to his other stats. After being strengthened by Conquest Coat of Arms, they were only slightly lower than In-gong’s stats.
‘Carack has also gained many levels.’
In-gong remembered that he had been around level 23 or 24 during the Red Lightning subjugation, but he was now level 28.
‘His intelligence is too high.’
Carack’s intelligence was higher than orc he had encountered in Knight Saga. 
However, intelligence wasn’t a quantification of mechanical areas such as how fast the brain thought or memory. 
It was different from wisdom or smarts.
‘Maybe they are high as well.’
However, they were invisible stats.
In-gong carried on by looking at Nayatra’s stats. Her level, occupations and status were listed on the coat of arms. 
In Knight Saga, thief and assassin had been her secondary occupations, but they were her main ones now. Rather, her secondary occupation was an escort knight.
'She also has high and low stats.’
Whether she had experienced slavery or not seemed to have created a slight difference in her stats. 
However, her level was lower than it had been in Knight Saga. It was inevitable since this was one year before then.
"How does it feel?"
As soon as In-gong asked, Nayatra spoke with shining eyes.
"Very good. I feel lighter.”
It wasn’t just her eyes, but her voice contained a tinge of ecstasy as well. She was in an excited state, but she meant her words.
In-gong laughed and released Nayatra’s hand. Nayatra let out a long exhale like she was enjoying it. Conquest’s Coat of Arms and the white light had disappeared, but her cheeks were still red.
"Master."
In-gong heard Green Wind’s voice suddenly in his ears. She took her solid form and clung to In-gong’s arm while looking back and forth between Carack and Nayatra.
“Master, I want to be Master’s knight as well.”
“Huh?”
"I am already Master’s, but Carack and the succubus who suddenly appeared are different. I want to be the same.”
In-gong blinked at the unexpected request. There was a strange feeling of jealousy on Green Wind’s face.
'Do I need it?’
In-gong always had Green Wind with him, unlike Carack, Karma and Nayatra. There was no need to use Call, and as Green Wind said, she was already conquered. So, he couldn’t think of her as a knight.
The number of people he could accept into the King's Knights was limited. This time the level of the King's Knights rose, so the number was slightly increased, but it was only be two places.
‘I will give one of them to Vandal, and I have one spare spot left.'
He thought it was a bit of a waste to give one of those spots to Green Wind. The situation was somewhat different from when he accepted Karma; at the time, other than Carack, he’d had no subordinate.
As if she noticed In-gong’s thoughts, Green Wind pulled his arm more firmly and gazed at him earnestly. She almost seemed like a child. 
In-gong couldn’t ignore that gaze, so he thought about the benefits of having Green Wind as a knight.
‘Will the Call effect apply to White Eagle?’
White Eagle came flying when called, but there was a difference between flying and appearing instantly. It was limited to once a day, but it wasn’t useless.
‘And the strengthening effect... isn’t it more effective than I thought?’
Green Wind’s power had dropped significantly after leaving Enger Plains. Thanks to this, she couldn’t utilize the various buffs that had been used at Enger Plains.
Maybe Conquest Coat of Arms wouldn’t just affect the numerical stats but the capabilities of the target as well. 
It was quite possible that he could restore Green Wind’s power.
"Master?"
Green Wind asked again, and In-gong laughed.
"Yes, Green Wind is always with me.”
The limit of the King’s Knights would increase again when the level rose. The utility was sufficient, and he didn’t want to disappoint Green Wind, who was satisfied with the smallest of praises.
Green Wind laughed brightly as she received In-gong’s permission and knelt down. In-gong was reminded of his first meeting with Green Wind at Enger Plains.
He accepted Green Wind as his knight in the same method as he had done with Nayatra.
“Ahh.”
Green Wind opened her eyes slowly and breathed out. The Conquest Coat of Arms formed on her forehead as well.
‘Her power has recovered.’
From the beginning, she had been a higher-order guardian. Carack was surprised when he saw Green Wind, while In-gong felt the sacredness and mystique he had felt when he saw her for the first time.
“Thank you, Master. You are a great master.”
Green Wind embraced In-gong tightly before turning around and spreading her arms.
"Okay, with this, there is nothing that I’m not part of.”
Nayatra’s eyes narrowed at the sudden declaration, and she asked In-gong,
"Hrmm, Master, who is she?”
It was clearly a soft and gentle voice, but strangely, it didn’t sound like it. In-gong answered hurriedly,
"She is Green Wind, the guardian of Enger Plains. Now, she is my guardian.”
Green Wind’s eyes sparkled at ‘my guardian’.
"Yes, I am Master’s. My history and traditions are different from you who came suddenly.”
"Haven’t you only been here a couple of months. So, what history?”
Green Wind growled at Carack’s sharp point, and Carack quickly turned his gaze elsewhere.
Nayatra nodded silently.
"Then we are almost like siblings. Please look after me in the future.”
Her smiling face was very beautiful, but In-gong felt scared for some reason. Green Wind faced Nayatra with wide eyes and grasped her hand. 
One side was laughing while the other was alert, but the atmosphere seemed to be the same. They were both wary of each other.
In-gong felt something in his chest warm at the confrontation between the two of them.
‘W-what? This strange sense of fulfillment...’
It was a type of happiness that he hadn’t experienced before. 
He didn’t know why Green Wind and Nayatra felt opposed to each other, but it was still a good thing.
However, In-gong soon regained his spirit. After he stopped the confrontation by releasing Green Wind’s solid state, he ordered Carack and Nayatra to go rest. It wasn’t a situation in which they could afford to keep talking and laughing. Starting tomorrow, he would have to keep working hard.
Nayatra left respectfully, while Carack left after expressing his concerns.
Although there was still Green Wind, In-gong appeared alone on the surface, so he sat down.
‘Nayatra has joined me.’
One of his three most beloved subordinates in Knight Saga...
She had been the one who provided the information which led to the lycanthrope subjugation.
He felt like he had taken one step further to his goal; there was a strong sense of accomplishment.
‘Vandal.’
The handshake In-gong shared with him came to mind, and a smile formed on his face.
‘The barbarian king is strong. I need to be vigilant. I need to win the fight with Vandal as well.’
In-gong took a deep, determined breath and cleared his head. He was going to practice his aura like usual before going to sleep.
However, he then heard a knock at the door.
“Shutra, can I enter?”
It was Felicia’s voice. In-gong opened the door to see her wearing a creamy night gown. It seemed like she had finished her preparations for sleep.
“Is the talk finished?”
Felicia asked as she closed the door. In-gong responded with a relaxed expression,
"Yes, Nayatra will be accompanying us in the future. She will be in charge of gathering information.”
It was essential to have someone in charge of gathering information. Carack was a competent aide, but he didn’t have the ability to gather information like Seira or Delia. Nayatra was a specialist in gathering information, so she would reinforce what Carack lacked.
At the end of In-gong’s words, Felicia sat down on the bed facing In-gong.
"Hmm, I am curious if you got her to join because she is a succubus, but... I believe in Shutra.”
It meant that she wouldn’t ask anything. In-gong had no way of explaining it, so he accepted Felicia’s courtesy.
“Thank you.”
"Well, there is no need for thanks.”
Felicia laughed and crossed her legs.
"Shutra, do you know why I came?”
He could guess. Therefore, In-gong asked something else before starting.
“Caitlin noona?”
"She is already sleeping. Today was fairly tough on her.”
She had gone shopping around Takar during the day and fought at the auction house at night.
"Now, tell me the story.”
Felicia prompted as she crossed her legs the other way. In-gong took a minute to think about where to start the story, then he made his decision. He pulled the Dragon King’s Golden Helmet from his inventory.
"This object is called the Dragon King’s Golden Helmet. Paratus, the younger brother of the barbarian king, attacked the auction house because of this.”
In-gong handed over the golden helmet. Felicia turned the helmet to the dragon face and asked,
"The Dragon King’s helmet?”
"The legendary barbarian king wore it. He was worshipped as a god.”
“Ohh.”
As a specialist in ruins exploration, Felicia was deeply interested in relics. Her eyes were filled with delight as she looked at the helmet.
In-gong continued speaking,
"The significance of the Dragon King’s helmet is unusual for the barbarians. It is something similar to a crown or a seal. This is an item that certifies the king’s authority.”
"Was this part of the items at Takar’s auction house?”
“I don’t know the reason either, but the ones who attacked the auction were after it.”
It could have been stolen or found during a war, but he didn’t know the details.
Felicia touched the surface of the golden helmet slowly. There was a different light in her eyes. 
It wasn’t the gaze of a scholar excited about exploring ruins but the gaze of a princess of the Demon King’s Palace.
"Indeed, it can come in handy in some ways.”
Although it was a symbol of kingship, it was impossible for them to rule over the barbarians simply by using the Dragon King’s Golden Helmet. 
If a dark elf tried to become the ruler of the lycanthropes, no lycanthropes would listen to them. 
The barbarians were the same. It was impossible to gain authority over the barbarians simply by using the Dragon King’s Golden Helmet.
However, there were still many things it could be used for. They could break the morale of the barbarians or cause internal fighting.
Felicia didn’t need to list such examples to In-gong. So, she shrugged and asked another question,
“Did you say Paratus? Anyway, he knows that you have this?”
“Yes, although he doesn’t know who I am.”
Moreover, right now, Paratus was busy running away. In-gong didn’t know about the battlefield with the barbarians, but it was unlikely that he would face Paratus for a while.
At any rate, it was obvious that he had been obsessed with the golden helmet when he faced In-gong.
"As always, you bring a storm with you. Can’t you think about the people who will get involved?”
Felicia frowned as she asked with crossed arms. In-gong had only one possible reply to Felicia,
“Sorry.”
He truly did feel sorry toward Felicia as she always had to deal with it.
As a gloomy expression formed on In-gong’s face, Felicia stood up with an embarrassed expression.
“It’s a joke, a joke. And it is good that we got caught up with this. You don’t have to worry about it.”
Felicia winked and quickly changed the topic.
"Anyway, Paratus was only aiming for this helmet?”
"For now.”
"Hmm, then the rest of the items?”
Felicia placed her hands on her waist and tilted her head. In-gong laughed awkwardly and said,
“That, well... wouldn’t they have been destroyed by the crash if I hadn’t taken them?”
It was a valid reason, but Felicia clicked her tongue as she gazed at In-gong.
"You really speak well.”
It was obvious that he would have taken them anyway.
However, Felicia just shrugged and said to In-gong,
"Well, it was an unavoidable situation. Vulcanus is also a bad person, but we are royalty. Shouldn’t we refrain from stealing?”
"I will keep it in mind."
"Yes, please do so, Shutra.”
Felicia patted In-gong’s head softly. It had always been In-gong stroking someone’s head, so he felt quite strange.
“Anyway.”
“Anyway?”
"So, what did you get? Anything good? My favourite jewellery or paintings?”
Felicia asked with a smile, and In-gong couldn’t help smiling back. Instead of explaining, he took out the auction items from his inventory, one by one.
&
“Eeeeeh! First, the Demon King’s Palace, and now you want to drag me to a battlefield!”
"Yes."



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 119 - Chapter 20: Blitz #2
The next morning, In-gong gathered the group together and talked about their future schedule.
The simple plan was to join with the reinforcements, move to Evian and join General Vandal in fighting against the barbarian king.
They had guessed this roughly last night, so only two people reacted to it. 
One was Nayatra, who hadn’t been in In-gong’s party until yesterday, and the other was Amita.
“Eeeeeh! First, the Demon King’s Palace, and now you want to drag me to a battlefield!”
"Yes."
Amita paused at In-gong’s cool reply, then they started to hit the ground with their tail.
“Ohh! Ohh! Ohh!”
If they were a person, they probably would have grabbed In-gong’s collar. Daphne hugged Amita from behind.
“Amita, if we go to the battlefield, we need your power. Moreover, you’d be willing to send me to a terrible battlefield alone?”
“Oh...”
Amita’s tail and shoulders slumped at the same time. Daphne continued talking as Amita’s ears drooped.
“Before leaving today, I will buy more of Amita’s favourite sweets. When we return, I will buy you more. Then won’t you have enough sweets for a while?”
Amita was happy at the thought of more sweets.
They eventually let out a long sigh. Amita jumped out of Daphne’s arms and said,
“It can’t be helped. I will go for Daphne’s sake.”
"Thank you, Amita.”
Daphne smiled at Amita, then she winked slightly at In-gong. In-gong nodded as he watched Amita’s tail.
‘It is good that I left it to Daphne.’
They were heading to the battlefield, so Amita’s skills were needed more than usual. The distribution of equipment was important, but the maintenance was also important.
Amita waved their tail in resistance whenever asked to do anything, but they always gave in at the end.
‘Master, the talking raccoon has become happy again.’
‘Yes.’
In-gong responded to Green Wind’s whisper, then he looked at Nayatra. She looked somewhat anxious about being dragged to the battlefield.
“Nayatra, are you okay?”
Nayatra flinched at In-gong’s question, then she responded with a firm expression.
"I am one of Prince’s subordinates. I’m okay.”
In fact, she stated that she was okay when asked, but her reaction was completely different.
Although Below the King’s Flag and Conquest Coat of arms had the effect of increasing loyalty to In-gong, it didn’t completely remodel her mind. It was sort of like boosting the effect?
Despite Conquest Coat of Arms, Nayatra still felt some skepticism towards In-gong.
'And she has started calling me Prince instead of Your Highness.’
This was the first time that Nayatra had called him Prince. Maybe it was a type of goodwill toward In-gong.
After smiling at Nayatra, In-gong looked in Felicia’s direction. Felicia clapped lightly and got everyone’s attention.
"Okay, now that it has been decided, shall we move? We will move out of Takar with the supplies purchased yesterday and will join the reinforcements at the meeting place. We will head to Evian this afternoon.”
While In-gong was searching for Nayatra in the slave stores, Felicia had bought supplies. In this regard, Felicia was indeed reliable.
After having breakfast at the hotel, they heading to the stores. A few stores had closed after last night, but most of them were operating normally.
“They need to show that they are still steady.” The gate inspection will be stricter than usual, but otherwise, it should go smoothly.”
It was like Felicia said. Even though they were scrutinized more closely than possible in case barbarians were hiding in the food wagons, passing through the gates itself was no problem.
They moved to the transportation formation near Takar. Originally, the reinforcements had planned to join them at Takar, but they didn’t want to trouble Takar, while they were still sensitive to the barbarians’ attacks.
The transportation formation was spread like a spider web around various places in the Demon World. Therefore, not all the formations were connected together. 
Of course, technically, it wasn’t impossible to connect all the formations, but the Demon King’s Palace didn’t want that. There were security, political and cost issues.
The issue of security was about a possible attack towards the Demon King’s Palace through the transport formations, while the political issue was about the reluctance of certain species. 
It wasn’t pleasant to have the forces of the Demon King’s Palace capable of entering through the transport formations at any time, even if they didn’t intend to rebel.  Therefore, the formations directly linked to the Demon King’s Palace were only placed in palaces or cities with a strong loyalty to the demon king.
'Basically, all the species that have queens.’
During the Lycanthrope subjugation, the first thing Chris had done was destroy all the transportation formations linked to the Demon King’s Palace.
'The transportation network was severely damaged before and after the Day of Massacre.’
The queens of various species destroyed all their transportation formations.
In-gong was reminded of things he had experienced in Knight Saga. It was a future that In-gong would surely stop. This was a no-brainer.
They arrived at the transportation formation and waited for a while until the dark elves arrived. There were 200 people riding dracos, with a mix of warriors, magicians and priests.
“It is great to see 6th Princess.”
The one who led the dark elves was Alita Doomblade, the youngest of Felicia’s aunts. She had a mix of silver and purple hair and was an excellent hunter.
"It is great to see you, Aunt Alita.”
Felicia welcomed Alita with a hug and introduced In-gong and the others. Like Felicia, Alita was dressed in revealing clothes and laughed playfully.
“You are the 9th Prince of the rumours. It is an honour.”
What was this 9th Prince of rumours?
In-gong greeted Alita with a smile. Alita seemed like a rougher, more mature version of Felicia.
‘Knight Saga... She was the last escort protecting Felicia.’
Then the expression on Alita’s face changed. 
She saw the cute-looking Amita waving their tail and went over to pat them.
In-gong looked at the troops and materials Alita had brought. There had to be enough supplies to eat and drink for 200 people, so the amount was quite considerable.
At noon, the reinforcements from the lycanthropes arrived. There were 200 of them, exactly like the dark elves, and they were wearing partial armour made of leather.
“It is great to see 8th Princess.”
The lycanthrope reinforcements were led by Kaparang, who was considered a rising star in the Blood Companions. 
Although the royal blood that flowed through him was a bit distant, Caitlin still regarded him as a cousin.
"I’ve heard a lot of rumours about you. It is a tremendous honour to be able to fight with such a great person.”
"That's right, Shutra is amazing.”
Caitlin laughed while In-gong shook Kaparang’s hand. Kaparang was much bigger and more muscular than Chris, but his smile was just like Caitlin’s.
‘I wonder what the rumours are.'
In-gong recalled everything he knew about Kaparang as they shook hands. He couldn’t remember every member of the Blood Companions. Unlike the dark elves, who could be both peaceful and fierce in combat, it was natural that almost all lycanthropes were warriors. 
Therefore, the lycanthrope reinforcements were all warriors. It wasn’t that they couldn’t just magic or divine power, but they needed to be capable of bare-handed combat to be classified as lycanthrope warriors.
The lycanthropes had separate supplies that were three times larger than the dark elves’. It was basically the difference between the dark elves and the lycanthropes who were born with a big appetite.
The number of reinforcements equalled to 400. 
They were elites, so their battle power surpassed 1,000 ordinary soldiers from the Demon King’s Palace.
While In-gong and Caitlin were talking with Alita and Kaparang, Felicia gathered the supplies and set up a plan for moving. 
Once out of the influence of Takar, they would have to deal with the problem of transporting supplies in the lawless Evian area.
Some time passed. 
They were just about to head off with the reinforcements.
“Royal Princess!”
The official in charge of the transportation formation came rushing towards In-gong’s group. He stopped in front of Felicia and screamed as he drew out several bundles of paper.
"An urgent message from Evian!”
“General Vandal?”
In-gong asked reflexively, and the official shook his head. He held out the bundles of paper and exclaimed,
"It isn’t General Vandal! Urgent messages from different bases came pouring in simultaneously!”
In-gong could tell that it wasn’t a normal situation just by the official’s white face. Kaparang asked the official,
"What is going on? Wasn’t General Vandal going to intercept the army?”
The barbarian king had led an army beyond the limit line, and General Vandal had led his army to intercept the barbarian king. It was General Vandal, so it shouldn’t be a situation where the other bases of Evian should be attacked.
"The barbarian king’s army turned out to be greater than expected.”
Alita took the papers from the official and spread them on a desk. There was a difference in the times that the messages were sent, but every place had an emergency.
Alita’s face became pale as she read the number of enemies reported at each base.
“It seems like he is trying to occupy the bases while Vandal’s army is tied up. Then General Vandal will end up being isolated.”
As soon as Alita spoke, Carack quickly unfolded a map of Evian and marked the location of the bases as well as General Vandal’s presumed location. As Alita said, if the bases were captured, it would cause serious problems by isolating Vandal’s army from the supply lines, making them unable to fight properly.
It was a strategy that wouldn’t be possible unless there was confidence in the number of troops. In other words, it was possible to defeat the army by breaking down the troops.
Felicia bit her lip and asked,
"Where is the closest place that reported an emergency?”
"It is the seventh base, but it is four days away from here. Even if we rush, we will only be able to make it in two days.”
Delia replied with a dark expression. The unit, which consisted of 400 elites, had high combat power and maneuverability, but there was still a limit.
At their fastest speed, it would take two days. That was too late. The seventh base would’ve fallen by then. An exhausted unit would be facing the enemy who had occupied the base.
Objectively, they should give up on the seventh base. It would be better to ask for additional reinforcements from the Demon King’s Palace and hope that General Vandal could hold on as long as possible.
Felicia closed her eyes tightly. Then In-gong said,
"We will get there in time.”
“Shutra?”
In-gong had manipulated his mini-map while looking at Carack’s map. He recalled the battle against the barbarians in Knight Saga and inferred the situation between General Vandal and the barbarians.
He had to cut off the barbarian’s offensive. In order to do that, he had to protect the seventh base. 
The problem was how to get there in time.
Everyone’s eyes were focused on In-gong as he looked up. He asked Felicia,
"Felicia noona, can you block anyone from seeing around the supplies?”
“Your Highness?”
Kaparang asked with confusion, but there was no time to reply. Felicia just thought about what In-gong needed instead of demanding the reason.
“I understand, I’ll do so. Daphne, can you help me?”
“I understand.”
Felicia and Daphne headed to the place where the supplies were located. Although Alita and Kaparang tried to follow, In-gong left them with Carack and headed to the supplies place with Caitlin. 
It wasn’t easy to make the mountain of supplies invisible, but Felicia easily solved In-gong’s demand. 
Felicia summoned the spirits of light and water at the same time, with Daphne assisting her. The spirits created mirrors that reflected the light that hit it and obscured the supplies.
Then it was In-gong’s turn. He placed the supplies for 400 people into his inventory. There was a limit to how much he could put in at once, so he had to utilize his inventory ability more than a dozen times.
Even Felicia and Caitlin, who already knew about In-gong’s inventory ability, were astonished. What type of powerful magic was it that it could store all these supplies at once?
Felicia tried to suppress her soaring academic desire to know, while Caitlin blinked. She was so surprised that she couldn’t even say her usual phrase.
By taking all the supplies, In-gong lightened the burden on the reinforcements and moved to the next step. Although everyone was perplexed by the supplies suddenly disappearing, In-gong issued a simple order.
The dark elves boarded the dracos, and the the lycanthropes used their beast forms.
At this point, both Kaparang and Alita realized In-gong’s idea. They didn’t know how he had taken care of the supplies, but it was still irrational. It was impossible to get there in time, and they would just exhaust their stamina while moving. What good was arriving at the battlefield if they couldn’t fight?
However, Felicia believed in In-gong. Kaparang and Alita were restrained, and everyone was forced to follow In-gong’s order.
Caitlin was no different. She ordered the lycanthropes to change to their beast and climbed onto her black hose.
In-gong asked Felicia,
“Remember Thunderdoom Fortress?”
"I remember. I can’t forget it.”
Felicia laughed while there were tears in her eyes, and Daphne and Delia had similar expressions. Carack just smiled and looked straight ahead.
"This time, you won’t be behind me?”
"Follow closely.”
In-gong smiled from aboard Maybach. He took a deep breath and activated Conquest.
The barbarians used unexpected behaviour to cause a crisis, so his actions should be unexpected as well.
"Master, I will help you.”
Green Wind appeared in a semi-solid state and flew high into the sky. The coat of arms surfaced on her forehead.
The guardian of Enger Plains...
Green Wind had a sacred light around her, and she embraced all 400 reinforcements with the light.
‘Protection of the Wind.’
It was the buff that sped up In-gong’s movements on Enger Plains.
All the reinforcements were given Protection of the Wind, and a green wind circled around their legs. 
Despite the Conquest Coat of Arms restoring her strength, it was still hard to bless everyone. Even so, Green Wind did it with a smile because she didn’t want to disappoint In-gong.
The green wind blew above In-gong’s head, and he grabbed at the air. 
It wasn’t just the power of the King’s Knights that had grown, but Conquest as well. The power of Conquest was far stronger than when In-gong first received it.
“Below the King’s Flag.”
A white light emerged from In-gong’s hand. It formed a flagpole with a white flag fluttering in the wind.
The king’s flag made of light...
In-gong wielded it like a huge spear. Then the white light of Conquest wrapped around the reinforcements.
The power of Conquest was added to Protection of the Wind.
It wasn’t just Kaparang and Alita. The 400 reinforcements all stared at In-gong.
“Go, Master. Faster than the wind.”
Green Wind said. Carack smiled wildly and shouted,
"Karaha!"
No more dialogue was necessary. In-gong raised the king’s flag and set out at the vanguard. They started to run faster than the wind.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 120 - Chapter 20: Blitz #3
Evian was a land of little interest to the Demon King’s Palace. Despite the military value of protecting the limit line, the land was worthless. In spite of this, a considerable amount of military forces had to be stationed here.
There were several bases in Evian, and each base had thousands of soldiers for the purpose of defense.
The seventh base, which could be called Takar’s last base, served as the emergency dispatch role due to its proximity to Takar, a trade city. 
Eventually, it was a base that played the role of the supplies distribution point, rather than defense. 
Therefore, the seventh base was the most non-military base among all of Evian’s bases. Apart from the barbarians beyond the limit line, there were also outlaws around Evian.
However, that was now in the past.
The defenders of the seventh base looked east with horrible expressions. A barbarian army was visible beyond the not-so-high walls. At a rough estimate, their numbers went beyond 1,500 enemies.
On the other hand, there were approximately only 400 troops stationed at the seventh base.
Even if they had the defensive advantage of the walls, the attacking side had more than triple the number of defenders. Considering the low walls of the seventh base, it would be a dire circumstance even if the number of troops was doubled.
The lizardman, Caligula, leader of the seventh base, recalled his hometown in the swamps. He remembered the faces of his family members who had told him he would succeed when he left home.
Two days ago, he had been informed that the barbarians had struck the fifth and sixth bases. He hadn’t thought the enemy would appear so quickly. The fifth and sixth bases were in front of the seventh base. The two bases hadn’t collapsed yet, so he hadn’t thought that the seventh base would be attacked.
However, the barbarians had come up with the unexpected tactic of striking the bases simultaneously.
It was the result of the barbarians’ maneuverability and the strange tactic of attacking some bases while ignoring others.
Thanks to this, the barbarian army continued on while split up. However, their numbers had probably been huge in the beginning.
Caligula closed his eyes. He wouldn’t surrender even when the opponents were the savage barbarians. If he wanted to run away, then he would’ve done so already. Now, he would fight to the death.
The defenders of the base looked at Caligula with uneasy expressions. Instead of squatting behind the wall, Caligula picked up a big knife he had brought with him from the swamps.
"Let's fight to the death. We have to earn the wages that we were paid.”
Some laughed, some faces became darker, while others glared down at the enemy with fierce expressions. Barak the orc, the second highest ranking soldier after Caligula, responded with the same smile.
"How much do you get paid?”
"It is still more than you.”
Caligula responded before taking a deep breath as he looked ahead of him. The barbarians were all using Body Hardening.
Caligula no longer had any regrets. He raised his sword high along with Barak.
The barbarians rushed forward.
The battle began.
&
“It is starting.”
In-gong said while sharing Green Wind’s gaze from the sky.
400 troops were gathered behind a hill not far from the seventh base and restoring their breathing.
"This is good.”
Carack spoke from In-gong’s other side. They arrived around 30 minutes before the battle and had mostly recovered, so the timing was just right.
In-gong and the 400 troops hadn’t run all night. There was no point arriving at the base if their stamina was empty.
In-gong had maximized the speed by looking at the mini-map to navigate. They had stopped briefly to eat or sleep. 
Of course, it hadn’t been a proper meal and sleep, so everyone was exhausted by the time they arrived at the bottom of the hill. Their fatigue couldn’t be eliminated after only 30 minutes of rest.
However, it was possible with magic. 
The 400 troops were able to survive the high speed rush due to the magic. So, everyone was in good shape.
On the other hand, Daphne and Felicia were on the verge of fainting in the middle of the 400 troops. It was because both of them had poured out various recovery magic.
“Shutra... too... much.”
Felicia imitated Caitlin with a dying expression. Of course, she wasn’t really resentful. In-gong hadn’t forced Felicia to keep using recovery magic. 
Felicia had done it because of her duty as a princess. The present joke was just to reassure the others.
Apart from Amita, who was waving their tail from Daphne’s arms, and some warriors who were left behind to care for Felicia and Daphne, all of the other troops were ready to run again.
The seventh base was still quite a distance away. However, the barbarians would never have thought that troops would have arrived during the night.
“We are going.”
In-gong told Felicia, who responded by raising a limp arm.
In-gong stopped sharing his gaze with Green Wind, then he grabbed Maybach’s reins and used Conquest Coat of Arms once again. He looked before him and shouted,
"Let's go! Faster than the wind!”
“Faster than the wind!”
“Faster than the wind!”
400 troops shouted. Once again, they ran behind In-gong under the King’s Flag.
&
It was a white line drawn on a map.
Caligula pounded on the chest of a barbarian soldier who was stepping on the shoulders of his fellow soldier in order to climb the wall. It was already impossible to give any proper commands.
The arrows, stones and oil pouring onto the soldiers rushing toward the wall seemed to finish in the blink of an eye. It was best to fight using the height difference of the walls.
Their swords didn’t work well against the barbarians who had their bodies hardened. Caligula could barely break the shells, so it was obvious that the swords of general soldiers would just bounce back.
Fortunately, there was only a small number of barbarians who had learned Body Hardening to that level. If there were more of them, the base would have fallen in an instant.
Caligula gasped and lifted his sword again. Beside Caligula, Barak gave a loud cry. There were no proper words, but Caligula understood his meaning.
‘Look that way.’
Caligula turned his head and saw a white light. It was moving quickly and towards the barbarians over here. It was like a white line drawn on a map.
Caligula couldn’t immediately understand what it was. This was also true for the barbarians. The barbarians, who were trying to climb the walls, looked at the white light with blank faces. Both sides had realized it too late.
The barbarians and guards on the walls screamed.
The people approaching weren’t barbarians. The dracos, which were rushing like crazy, were obviously allies of the guards! 
However, where had they come from? There were dark elves and lycanthropes together, so who was leading them?
Caligula couldn’t think. The important thing was that reinforcements had arrived. 
There was no time to think about it. It wasn’t just Caligula;  there were also Barak and the other soldiers on the walls.
From the approaching group, a whirlwind of white light rose into the sky. 
The light streaking across diagonally in the sky caught everyone’s eyes. The soldiers on the walls as well as the barbarians looked up at the sky.
There was a huge flag of light being held in a hand. 
A dark blue cloth fluttered in the wind... 
And a white light surrounded the whole body.
However, that wasn’t all. There was something else that caught the attention of everyone, including Caligula. 
It was the right hand soaring high in the sky.
“Show them.”
Like everyone else, Carack stared up at the sky and laughed.
Amita sat in Daphne’s arms and frowned while staring up at the sky. They wanted to make certain that the product they tuned was working properly.
“Shutra.”
Caitlin raised a hand to her chest and sent her aura to In-gong through the Starlight Core.
‘Master.’
Green Wind whispered. In-gong, who was flying in the sky using the power of Night Watch, gazed at his right arm. There was a raging cry as he focused all his power on Earth Quaker.
‘Earth Quaker’s Gigantic.’
It wasn’t just White Eagle that had additional parts. At that moment, additional parts appeared in the space around Earth Quaker.
‘A giant’s fist.’ Earth Quaker was temporarily transformed by the instantaneous output.
In-gong stared down at the ground. He poured a generous amount of aura into Earth Quaker and gave an order to Night Watch.
It was a single skill that symbolized the violence of the Great Enkidu, and it poured down like a thunderstorm toward the ground!
In-gong’s fist struck the ground. Not only was there a red and yellow light, but there was also a white and green light as True Destruction exploded among the barbarians and tore into the ground.
There was a wild wind. Everything within a radius of 20 meters around In-gong collapsed. The ground collapsed, while the aura destroyed everything it encountered.
The barbarians outside the scope of True Destruction fell down due to the destruction of the terrain. Caligula and those on the walls also had to grab onto something quickly.
It had only been for a moment, but there was an overwhelming sight of destruction.
There was a deafening silence. Dozens of barbarians were swept away by True Destruction and lost their lives.
However, the mental shock struck all of the barbarians. Even the wild and brave barbarians were forced to shake from the destruction before them, and they were filled with wonder was mixed in with fear.
In the center of all this, In-gong dismantled Earth Quaker’s Gigantic. He raised his left hand while holding the flag of light in the center of the destruction.
‘Below the King’s Flag.’
Those who saw the flag...
“Ku-ra-ha!”
A huge battle cry tore through the silence. Now that the entire battlefield was paying attention to In-gong, they forgot that more troops existed.
The angry lycanthropes struck the sides of the barbarians, and the dark elves aboard the dracos fired magic over the heads of the lycanthropes. There were various curses that pierced the spirit of the barbarians as well as physical destruction that ruined their bodies.
Caitlin ran to In-gong’s side. She had In-gong’s white aura as well as her blue aura around her as she ran straight through the barbarians. Seira, Kaparang and Alita followed her, so there was no one who could stand up against them.
Additionally, Carack was accompanied by Karma. In-gong planted the flag of light and gazed at Caitlin’s back. This time, he sent his aura to Caitlin.
The 400 reinforcements fought with the barbarian army, and Caitlin’s fist smashed a barbarian’s head.
Caligula didn’t just look on stupidly. He opened the gates and advanced as the 400 defenders fought the barbarians.
The battle didn’t last long. The barbarians couldn’t recover their morale. Although there were a few barbaric and arrogant barbarians, they were no match for the army of the Demon King’s Palace. The dark elves and lycanthropes were elites who had been personally selected by 3rd Queen Sylvia Doomblade and 4th Queen Elaine Moonlight. So, the 400 reinforcements danced boldly through the barbarians.
Among the barbarians, there were those who had lost the will to fight and were slaughtered trying to flee. The barbarian army that had totaled at least 1,500 troops was now shattered.
Kaparang and Alita calmed down the troops and gave a victory shout. Caligula and the base defenders expressed their joy as well.
Approximately 10 minutes after the battle ended...
Caligula and Barak met up with In-gong. No one said anything, but he instinctively knew who the leader of the reinforcements was.
Caligula swallowed his saliva as he stood in front of In-gong. He was shocked that the leader who had descended from the sky like a deity was still just a boy. Moreover, the female lycanthrope who had killed the leader of the barbarians was just a girl.
Caligula took a deep breath to calm down and raised his fist to his chest, a typical salute for a soldier of the army.
"I am the leader of the seventh base, Caligula.”
"I am Barak, his deputy.”
Barak quickly imitated Caligula. Then the satyr standing next to the boy, Karma, spoke with a solemn expression,
"This is 9th Prince Shutra Ignus and 8th Princess Caitlin Moonlight.
Caligula stiffened as he heard the words ‘prince’ and ‘princess’. However, he was easily convinced.
"It is a pleasure to meet Your Highnesses.”
They had the blood of the demon king—the strongest in the Demon World, so it was natural that they would be strong.
Caligula’s gaze was filled with respect. Then In-gong said to Caligula,
“It is nice to meet you. It is abrupt, but from now on, I want you to follow my command.”
“I will do so.”
There was no reason to disagree. In-gong let out a long breath at Caligula’s instant agreement and ordered,
"Let the soldiers rest. Tomorrow morning, we will leave the seventh base.”
“Huh?”
Caligula was surprised by In-gong’s words. Karma shuddered, while Carack just laughed.
In-gong repeated it for Caligula once more,
"Tomorrow morning, we will occupy the sixth base.”
If the barbarians had occupied it, they would take it from them. If the sixth base was still standing, they would save them like they had done with the seventh base.
They would smash any barbarians they encountered. They would break the barbarians and rally the troops of each base. The more they fought, the more the morale of the army would rise. Then they would go help General Vandal.
Caligula gazed at In-gong with a bemused expression, while In-gong turned away from Caligula and looked toward the east instead.
Then the next morning...
The flag of Conquest fluttered at the sixth base which had just been about to fall to the barbarians.
&
“Shutra is awesome.”
"Too much. Are you trying to kill me?”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 121 - Chapter 20: Blitz #4
Despite it being a few hours since the battle ended, Diotima, the lamia and leader of the fifth base, still felt feverish. 
The fifth base had been on the verge of being taken. 
Half of the gate had been broken, and there had been areas on the wall which had been penetrated. 
Due to struggling greatly against the barbarians, they had been able to hold on for three days. However, that had been their limit. The only thing left in their future had been to either die at the hands of the barbarians or take down more barbarians before dying. 
Then a white glow poured down from the sky. The explosion had been deafening, and Diotima had closed her eyes reflexively. 
When she opened them again, Diotama had found herself looking at the back of a king with a white aura around him. 
He was the 9th Prince. 
However, he wasn’t a king; he was still a boy. Diotima had heard rumours about the 9th Prince, who had been called the Prince of Scraps just a few years ago. 
Even so, she had no choice but to think of him as a king. His appearance made her think so. 
Like the rest of the Evian troops, Diotima was a soldier. She had seen many rough things in Evian where outlaws dominated. It wasn’t loyalty to the demon king but the monthly salary that made her stay at the fifth base. However, she had stayed with the fifth base until the end, so she wouldn’t accept surrendering to the barbarians. 
Despite that, Diotima felt something in her heart the moment she saw the back of the 9th Prince. 
It would be fair to say that her heart had been captured. However, it wasn’t strange that she had been conquered.
Diotima had made a decision the moment the 9th Prince destroyed the enemies in the vicinity and turned around to hold out a hand to her. 
She would follow this person; this person was her king. 
It was somewhat embarrassing for a woman her age to be filled with such enthusiasm. 
However, it couldn’t be helped as such feelings had ignited in her heart. 
After 9th Prince’s appearance, the 8th Princess, the lycanthropes and the dark elves had broken through the barbarians. She had seen the faces of Caligula of the seventh base and Rothov of the sixth base, who had come here as well. When she had asked why they were here, the two of them laughed and gave the same answer. 
"King... No, we followed the prince.” 
Diotima understood their words as they all shared the same feelings. 
Of course, she then asked about the seventh and sixth base and was skeptical about the fact that they ran to this place. 
Certainly, Diotima could never have imagined it. Anyway, thanks to that, Diotima and the fifth base had been saved. 
Although she had fought for three days and nights, sleep didn’t come very easily. The fever blooming in her heart overwhelmed the fatigue that had accumulated for three days. Even now, she could see the white flag flickering in the wind when she closed her eyes. 
Diotima forced herself to lie down and sleep. However, she couldn’t help letting out a sigh of admiration as she recalled the appearance of 9th Prince’s back in battle today. 
9th Prince... 
Evian’s saviour, who had rescued three bases in just three days. 
She may have witnessed a legendary moment. 
A shy smile appeared on Diotima’s face. 
& 
While Diotima and the other soldiers from each base were building up fantasies about In-gong, his group was scattered around their accommodations with fatigued faces. 
It was natural. They’d had to run around wildly, time and time again. Additionally, they’d had to participate in three big battles. It would be strange if they weren’t exhausted. 
As soon as the battle was over, Carack set up several large tents obtained from the warehouse of the fifth base. There were plenty of supplies in the warehouse, so In-gong kept everything in his inventory except for the things that were absolutely necessary. 
It was somewhat awkward to set up a tent in a room, but it didn’t seem so strange anymore since this was the third time. 
Among the three tents, the largest one was where everybody was gathered. 
Caitlin, the most lucid one among them, spoke with a bright smile, 
“Shutra is awesome.” 
He had actually secured three bases in three days. Moreover, he hadn’t simply secured them. Caitlin knew that the soldiers of the three bases felt sincere respect and gratitude towards him. The mixed forces of the lycanthropes and dark elves now took In-gong as their leader. 
They had been running constantly for three days, and whenever Caitlin looked at In-gong’s back, she felt a thrill. She felt like she should always follow him. 
Felicia smiled at Caitlin’s admiring words. After Caitlin, who was sitting on a chair, spoke, Felicia collapsed onto a leather rug and spoke in a voice like she was dying, 
"Too much. Shutra, are you trying to kill me?” 
Her voice was playful, so there didn’t seem to be any resentment. 
In-gong made a very apologetic face from beside her. 
“Sorry.” 
The one who was probably the worst off was Felicia. She had squeezed all her magic into recovery and almost fainted everyday from being so drained. However, it had been inevitable since their rush had been wild and reckless. 
Unlike In-gong and Caitlin, she wasn’t a warrior. In addition to the physical fatigue, the mental fatigue was severe as well. 
"Hurts... My legs are sore...” 
Felicia whined as she felt the pain through her whole body, and In-gong looked at Felicia with uncomfortable eyes. 
"Sorry, just a little bit more.” 
He wanted to tell her to take a rest, but unfortunately, he couldn’t as Felicia was indispensable when it came to strategy and magic. 
“Shutra is too much.” 
Felicia whined again. Unlike Felicia, Caitlin was her usual self. She was the most energetic person in the group. 
"Anyway... let’s talk about the future. ...6th Princess should get up. You need to maintain your dignity as a princess.” 
Alita helped raise Felicia up. Felicia moved until her body was half lying on a cushion. Then Alita eventually gave up and sat down next to Felicia. 
Kaparang pretended not to notice Felicia and Alita, and said to In-gong, 
"9th Prince, the number of troops have increased considerably with the addition of the fifth base. There were three consecutive wins, so the morale is extremely high. It is also encouraging that we have lost few troops in the meantime.” 
The 400 troops at the beginning had now reached approximately 2,300. 
In addition to the troops which were added today from the fifth base, there were 400 people stationed at the seventh base and 600 people at the sixth base. 
There were some casualties among the soldiers of each base, but the first 400 reinforcements didn’t have any losses, proving they were elites. 
It was really great considering that the 400 elites had participated in all three battles. 
The winning streak meant it was inevitable that morale was high. Moreover, in all three battles, they had saved allied despairing soldiers, so the sense of accomplishment among the soldiers was very high. 
Despite the fact that the leaders were tired, this was the best condition they could be in. 
Carack asked In-gong,
"Prince, the third and fourth bases are in different locations and have different situations. What do you want to do?” 
There were two reasons for In-gong to advance to the sixth and seventh bases. 
One was that the bases were in an emergency situation and about to be occupied. The other reason was to avoid isolating General Vandal and allowing him to be defeated by the barbarians once his supply lines were cut off. 
The locations of the third and fourth Evian bases were scattered, so they couldn’t be saved in the same way. Moreover, the fourth base had already fallen. 
They had accumulated a considerable amount of fatigue by advancing straight to the fifth base. 
In-gong organized things in his head and said,
"We will wait at the fifth base. Tomorrow will be a day for the soldiers to rest and for the captured barbarians to be interrogated... We will gather information about those scattered around Evian.” 
Nayatra was already questioning the barbarian prisoners as she had special methods to get information from prisoners. Moreover, she had been in charge of interrogation in Knight Saga as well. 
"Well, it is reasonable.” 
Carack nodded, while Felicia was relieved they wouldn’t be moving tomorrow. 
Kaparang spoke again,
"Three days have passed since the emergency situation emerged in Evian, and the Demon King’s Palace should be planning for additional reinforcements. If it is General Vandal, we won’t have to hurry for a while.” 
The situation had changed thanks to the three consecutive victories. Once again, it was a truly huge achievement. 
‘Reinforcements from the Demon King’s Palace.’ 
The situation with the barbarians was completely different from the Red Lightning Tribe’s rebellion. The Demon King’s Palace wouldn’t spare their support for something like this. 
In-gong closed his eyes and thought for a moment. 
He compared the reality current right to the barbarian uprising in Knight Saga. 
In Knight Saga, the barbarian king had the Dragon King’s Golden Helmet. As a result, he had been able to unite the barbarians beyond the boundary and formed an unprecedentedly huge army of barbarians. 
However, at present, the barbarian king didn’t have the Dragon King’s Golden Helmet. 
So, how could he have the strength to gather the barbarians? 
‘The Death Knight.’ 
Naturally, In-gong thought of the Death Knight. Just like how he had held hands with the guardians who had gone crazy in Spider Forest, the Death Knight might be supporting the barbarian king. 
If so, how far did the power of the Death Knight stretch? 
‘The timing is different.’ 
The timing between In-gong becoming a Conquest Knight and Gerard becoming a Famine Knight was different. In-gong had become the Conquest Knight earlier. 
However, with this situation, the Death Knight could have been even earlier than him. It wasn’t just a few months, but maybe even years earlier. 
If this situation was due to the Death Knight... 
What was he aiming for? If he was someone longing for the world to end like the last flame said, were these actions related to bringing about the end? 
Moreover, the War Knight...
Did he exist now? If so, what was he doing? 
Questions led to more questions. However, In-gong finished organizing his thoughts as he had to focus on Vandal and the barbarians now. 
“It’s late. Let’s stop for today.” 
Everyone agreed with Alita’s suggestion. Kaparang and Carack left the tent first, while Delia and Alita lifted Felicia up forcefully. However, Felicia shook her head. 
"Aunt Alita, why don’t I sleep in the tent with Caitlin today?” 
Caitlin rose instantly at Felicia’s question, and Alita frowned, but it wasn’t because Caitlin was sleeping in this tent. 
"This is 9th Prince’s tent.” 
In-gong and Caitlin had been exhausting their aura everyday. So, in order to speed up their aura recovery, they slept together like they had done in the lycanthrope villa. Just holding hands increased the speed of aura recovery noticeably. 
"It is just sleeping in the same tent. Anyway, there will be Seira and Green Wind as well.” 
Felicia said in an annoyed voice, and Caitlin nodded quickly. She seemed very excited by the idea of sleeping with Felicia. 
“It can’t be helped. I understand.” 
Alita sighed in agreement and Felicia settled back with a contented face, while Caitlin started to prepare her bed next to Felicia. 
Alita looked at the sight with a smile and said, 
"It is nice to have a good time between sisters. I will see you tomorrow.” 
“Goodnight, Aunt Alita.” 
Alita patted Felicia’s head gently and left In-gong’s tent. 
"Then we are ready.” 
Delia was lying on Felicia’s left side while Caitlin was on her right. Seira lay on Caitlin’s right, while In-gong was a short distance away from Seira. Even if their bodies weren’t touching, they could trigger the quad-core if they were within a certain distance. 
Some time passed. 
In-gong normally slept alone, so it wasn’t easy to sleep in a tent filled with women. Although he was already used to Caitlin and he was exhausted, he couldn’t manage to sleep due to the added presences of Felicia and Delia.  
In-gong counted sheep in his head before raising his body quietly. Felicia and Caitlin were sleeping serenely. Caitlin was hugging Felicia tightly like a teddy bear, and she looked really happy. 
She had always wanted to get along with the other children of the demon king. 
However, ironically, she wasn’t a child of the demon king, and this had caused her to fight with the actual children. 
‘Not anymore.’ 
In-gong gazed at Caitlin with a relaxed smile. He laughed as Felicia made a loud sound during her sleep. 
He didn’t know how long he watched the two people while they slept. 
A white light suddenly appeared above In-gong’s head. Additionally, unlike the usual level-ups, bells started jingling. 
Caitlin’s eyes opened because of the sound, while Felicia’s and Delia’s eyes twitched just before they woke up as well. Seira was awakened by the rustling noises the three of them made. 
“Shutra?” 
“Your Highness?” 
In-gong blinked in confusion as they spoke. Then the voice of a woman was heard in In-gong’s ears, 
[Happy birthday.] 
‘Huh?’ 
[You are now 15 years old.] 
[Your level has risen.] 
[The level of Protagonist Correction has increased.] 
[The level of Battlefield Protection has increased.] 
[At the age of 15, your physical abilities have improved.] 
[You have grown taller.] 
[Muscle mass has increased.] 
Following the voice, letters made of light were listed one after the other. 
He had levelled up during the three battles, and he had now gained another level. Was this a birthday perk? 
Moreover, once he reached level 30, the level of Protagonist Correction increased as well. 
In-gong recalled the tea party with Baikal. At that time, Baikal had talked about birthday presents. 
'Were the birthday presents for today?’ 
His birthday was today. 
It was nice to level up, but it felt a bit awkward. Additionally, he had to explain to Caitlin and the others about what was going on. 
It was at that moment... 
“Master! Congratulations!” 
Green Wind shouted, appeared behind In-gong suddenly. 
"Congratulations?” 
"Today is the day that Master was born. I know because I am Master’s knight.” 
Green Wind replied to Felicia’s question with a wide smile. It seemed like the news about his birthday was given to all of his knights. 
“Shutra... your birthday?” 
"You should have told me earlier.”
"Congratulations on your birthday.” 
“Congratulations.” 
Caitlin, Felicia, Delia and Seira spoke in turn. 
In-gong nodded again. Anyway, he had levelled up. Unlike usual the usual level-ups, regardless of whether it was a birthday privilege or something else, his aura and mental power were now completely restored. 
‘This is good.’ 
There was nothing wrong with it, and In-gong was happy to reply to everyone. 
Simultaneously, a noise was suddenly heard from outside the tent. Everyone’s heads turned toward the entrance of the tent as Carack entered. 
Did Carack also appear to celebrate his birthday? 
However, that wasn’t the case. In-gong knew it the moment he saw Carack’s face. 
Everyone’s gazes focused on Carack as he said, 
“General Vandal’s main force was defeated.” 
& 
There were thousands of corpses on the desolate land. The smell of death caused the wild beasts and birds to gather, but the number of corpses was overwhelming, and the smell of death couldn’t be removed. 
The barbarian army advanced. There was no hesitation in their footsteps despite having caused this tragedy. 
The one who led them was... 
Barbarian King Karatus. 
He was a man born on the battlefield and who was always on the battlefield. 
Barbarian King Karatus took a step forward, and he looked toward the north. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 122 - Chapter 21: Barbarians
General Vandal’s main force had been defeated.
General Vandal had come out to intercept the army of the barbarian king, but his purpose had been to stop the army and buy time. 
Over the last few days, his movements had been consistent with mild conflicts, rather than direct battles.
However, there was news that he had been defeated. This meant that a full-scale war had taken place, and General Vandal’s army had been seriously damaged while he escaped.
In-gong was reminded of the battle against the Red Lightning tribe. They had gone out to attack the enemy base, only to retreat after suffering great damage due to the emergence of the swamp mammoths.
Contrary to popular belief, mass casualties didn’t occur so easily in a complete war. The massacre occurred mainly when an army was defeated and tried to escape. It was because they were easy opponents while running away. 
In the battle where the swamp mammoths had appeared, the army had acted pretty well. So, they hadn’t lost many troops while escaping.
If Vandal was defeated, it was important to know how he had been defeated. There were still many chances if the power of his army had been maintained. Additionally, General Vandal was also unharmed.
However, it wasn’t just that. There was a chance that large fatalities could occur, such as when the barbarians had been crushed by In-gong’s troops.
It was late at night, but it wasn’t midnight yet, and In-gong’s party and the key personnel were gathered together in a warehouse.
Carack laid out a large map on the table, and everyone’s gazes focused on the map. Carack moved a pen hurriedly.
“This is the pattern that General Vandal seems to have taken.”
Evian’s seven bases could be divided into three major areas. Bases five, six and seven were in the north while bases one, two and three were in the south, and the fourth base was between the third and fifth bases.
The area Carack drew an X on wasn’t far from the third base.
"The news that General Vandal was defeated was conveyed from the third base. The barbarians hadn’t just defeated Vandal but also pushed toward the third base. Currently, the third base has fallen to the barbarians.”
An additional X was drawn on the third base. Many of those looking at the map made pained faces. The fact that the barbarians had reached that far meant it was really bad.
"Is there no contact from General Vandal?”
Carack frowned at Felicia’s question.
"No, not yet. But considering the last contact and the situation with the third base, it is likely that his situation isn’t very good.”
Carack drew a line from the third base to the second base. The distance between the two bases was so far that it was likely he was wandering somewhere in between.
"The last report from the third base was quite confusing. It seems like the situation is a mess.”
Carack put up the short piece of paper sent through the communicator next to the map. 
“General Vandal’s main force was defeated. We are unable to measure the scale of the damage. The third base will be taken soon. Many deaths have occurred. The barbarian king... north?”
Seira frowned while reading aloud the short sentences on the piece of paper precisely. The sentences were beyond common sense.
"Was General Vandal’s army crushed to such an extent that it isn’t worth pursuing? T-this is General Vandal we’re talking about!”
Felicia cried out in an aghast tone. Caitlin also looked at the map with a worried face. Kaparang shook his head.
"This can’t be. It seems like some experts have split off to trace Vandal, while the rest have turned toward the north.”
There was value in tracking him, but it was up to there. It seemed like more than half of General Vandal’s army had been defeated.
In the somber atmosphere, Caitlin opened her mouth,
"Kaparang, what is the reason why the barbarian king didn’t strike at base one or two?”
"Perhaps he is aiming for Takar.”
“Takar?”
Kaparang nodded at the question. He pointed to the area around Evian on the map.
"Beyond the boundary, it is a barren land that can’t even compare to Evian. For the barbarians, even Evian is a good place to live. Even so, it is unreasonable to just take this place and live in it. If the barbarians occupy Evian, the Demon King’s Palace will move in earnest.”
Kaparang took a deep breath, then he smiled.
"Your Highnesses, didn’t you participate in the fight against the Red Lightning Tribe?”
Caitlin nodded at the question. It had only been a few months ago. So, In-gong remembered it well since it was his first battlefield.
Kaparang continued to explain,
"The same thing happened on the boundary, but the severity is different. Compared to the Red Lightning tribe, the barbarians are much greater in number and more dangerous. If the barbarians wanted to conquer Evian, the Demon King’s Palace would send the captains to stop them."
The Demon World was wide, and the power of the palace was scattered all over.
The captains were the power of the Demon King’s Palace.
Moving them had a very heavy meaning. The army captains had the power to shake the heavens and earth and led tens of thousands of troops. There was no species in the Demon World that wouldn’t be afraid of them.
"In other words, the barbarians are focusing on destruction and looting, rather than a proper occupation. They can’t live on this land. So, they are aiming to break and obtain as much as possible.”
Felicia added a supplementary explanation. Then Kaparang spoke again,
"Of course, the barbarian king has shown a power that’s incomparable to what he had before. Maybe the barbarians have a different idea this time. But if they choose to go north, then it’s likely they are after Takar. It is the best place to eat near Evian.”
Caitlin was able to accept it since she had visited Takar directly. Takar had an enormous amount of wealth concentrated in it. They would be able to get more from Takar than from the whole of Evian.
“Is it due to General Vandal that they didn’t go to Takar from the beginning?”
Kaparang nodded at Caitlin’s question.
“Perhaps that isn’t all of it. Maybe they wanted to take control of the bases in order to hit Takar directly, instead of isolating Vandal."
However, that plan had been cancelled due to In-gong. Even his allies had been surprised by the blitz attacks that allowed them to defeat the barbarians and defend three bases. It had probably been a huge surprise for the barbarians.
Alita spoke after a long sigh,
"In the end, there are two main points. Vandal’s shattered army is in the west, while the barbarian king is in the north.”
Alita placed three models on the map. One was General Vandal’s army, another was the barbarian troops pursuing Vandal, and the last one was the barbarian king in the north.
Felicia frowned.
"We need to consider this. Their speed will be slow since they have a large army, but... they are moving within Evian. They will reach here in three days or so.”
It was highly likely that the barbarian king would go to the fifth base after passing through the fourth. After reviewing the barbarian king’s anticipated route, Felicia looked at In-gong.
“Shutra, what do you think?”
Every eye focused on In-gong after the question.
Three children of the demon king were gathered together, but it was clear who the leader of the army was.
Felicia and Caitlin assisted In-gong, but they didn’t come forward. Kaparang and Alita also respected In-gong, so they didn’t protest, let alone the leaders of the three bases who In-gong had saved.
In-gong gazed at the map and exhaled. He spoke in a determined voice,
"Abandon the fifth base and head south to save General Vandal.”
“Your Highness?”
Diotima, the leader of the fifth base, was confused. It was unimaginable for her to abandon the base in the current situation. 
However, Caligula of the seventh base and Rothov of the sixth base were somewhat convinced as In-gong had already abandoned two bases.
In-gong explained to everyone,
“It is unreasonable to block the barbarian army at the fifth base with our current troops. It is a situation where we don’t know when the reinforcements from the Demon King’s Palace may come.”
The walls of the fifth base were better than the walls of the sixth base, but they were still low. It was difficult to view it as a proper fortress. In this place, it was unreasonable to oppose the main army led by the barbarian king with only 2,000 troops.
Felicia nodded with a serious expression.
“If we take away all the supplies of the fifth base like we’ve done so far... Well, the strong point of the fifth, sixth and seventh bases was their role as supply points. A base without supplies would just be called a shell.”
Diotima was surprised when she heard that all the supplies would be taken, but she was the only one.
In-gong had already taken the supplies of the sixth and seventh bases. Apart from Felicia and Caitlin, no one knew what method had been used, but they weren’t surprised as it had already been repeated three times, starting from Takar.
Of course, even if all the materials were collected, the supply lines would still be cut off if all three bases were occupied.
However, before In-gong’s supplies would run out, the situation would change due to the Demon King’s Palace. Thus, there was no need to consider the long term situation.
"B-but if Your Highness throws away the fifth base, Takar will be in danger.”
Diotima stuttered, and In-gong shook his head.
"There is a lot of distance between Takar and the bases. By the time the barbarian king’s army reaches Takar, we can already save General Vandal and head back. Then we will have enough power to face the barbarian king.”
He didn’t think that General Vandal’s troops would have been slaughtered. It was likely that more troops had escaped.
‘Assemble the remnants of the defeated army. Then create a main force once again.’
"I know that the plan will take a lot of work. But... for me, the soldiers of the Demon King’s Palace are more important than Takar.”
It was a remark that might cause backlash, but all the people here were soldiers of the Demon King’s Palace. So, the leaders of the three bases were deeply impressed by In-gong who prioritized the lives of the soldiers.
“Your Highness...”
Diotima said in a voice mixed with admiration. In-gong smiled back at her. Then Kaparang asked with a serious expression,
“Your Highness, the exact position and situation of General Vandal are unknown. Do you have any plans for this?”
How would he find General Vandal’s troops?
“Perhaps.”
In-gong nodded, and Green Wind appeared. Thanks to her recovered strength, she had the same sacred and mysterious atmosphere like when he first met her at Enger Plains.
However, Green Wind was still Green Wind. She smiled brightly to In-gong as always, and he patted her head.
&
At the same time, each army was moving in different places.
Paratus escaped from Takar and collected the remnants of the barbarians who had been defeated by In-gong.
The barbarian king had already occupied the fourth base.
Paratus raided the seventh base with a strong army, but he was left with a blank expression when all he discovered was an empty base with no supplies left. He headed toward the sixth base, but the result was the same. Additionally, although Paratus didn’t know it yet, their hunger would continue at the fifth base.
While Paratus was going hungry, the barbarian king was preparing to leave the fourth base. His main destination was the fifth base.
It had been approximately a day and a half since In-gong received news of Vandal’s defeat.
Vandal was ready for the last fight of his life.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 123 - Chapter 21: Barbarians #2
Vandal had been born on the battlefield.
He didn’t know whether his mother had been a soldier of the army or a mercenary. Maybe she had just been a pitiful civilian. Anyway, she would have been an ogre.
Vandal was an orphan. He didn’t know who his father or mother was.
From the beginning, his father had belonged to the army of the demon king. He belonged to a group that could be called either mercenaries or warlords. Vandal’s memories of his childhood were faint, so he didn’t know anything more. Still, it was clear that it hadn’t been a regular army.
His life had been saved due to the mercy of the mercenary leader, and he had grown up under the care of all the mercenaries as their mascot.
Vandal survived due to the distinctive tough vitality of an ogre and their short childhood. 
Among the ogres, he was a particularly strong variant. Although an ogre’s childhood was short, he had almost no suckling days.
Vandal had been born and raised on the battlefield, so his life was filled with numerous battles. There had been favourable battles and unfavourable ones. There had been overwhelming battles in which massacres had occurred and battles in which there had been a stalemate on both sides. Of course, Vandal had experience as both the slaughterer and the victim.
Numerous battles, numerous defeats and victories... 
He had hundreds or maybe even thousands of those experiences, and some of those remained unforgettable in his memories.
It was the same for the battle several days ago.
It was a total failure. 
Among the many battles he had experienced as a general of the demon king’s palace, it was difficult to find a larger defeat.
Approximately 9,000... 
That was the number of soldiers Vandal had led. He didn’t know how many of them lived or died. That fact alone explained how terribly he had been defeated.
The number of troops that Vandal was currently leading amounted roughly to 2,000 or so. Collecting the scattered soldiers would allow him to build a large unit, but the enemy didn’t allow it.
Thousands of enemies were chasing after him. However, they weren’t the barbarian king’s main army. They were only a part of the great army that the barbarian king had raised.
Vandal’s soldiers were exhausted. As usual, many dropouts occurred during the night. 
There were also some who were injured and some who died. Those who thought there was no chance of winning escaped as well.
Vandal, who was at the very front of his troops, moved to the rear of the procession. However, it wasn’t to monitor those who wanted to run away.
Vandal stopped in place and looked behind him. A dust cloud could be seen from far away. It was the desperate pursuit of the barbarian king’s troops after there had already been a few conflicts over the past few days. As expected, the scale of the pursuers was much larger than Vandal’s forces. He had lost strength due to the constant harassment over the past two days.
Vandal stretched and sighed, raising his head to the sky.
Despite having been defeated in the battle against the barbarian king, Vandal attached great importance to his survival. 
If the army commander lost their life, the army would be lost. In order to defeat the barbarians properly, he needed to survive and lead the troops.
However, it was different now. Vandal decided to be a commander on the front lines.
‘No, it isn’t even that.’
He was an arrow that had served the military since childhood—a meat shield sent out to die.
He had to prevent the enemy’s advance, raise chaos and make the situation a slightly more favourable for the soldiers fighting. The rewards for the barbarians would vary depending on the merits, and the best prize, General Vandal’s head, was right in front of them.
The dust cloud became a little bit bigger. The sound of horseshoes hitting the ground could be heard.
Vandal’s ogre guards stood beside him. Among them, the orc who was Vandal’s deputy, Zico, was absent as he had died in the battle against the barbarian king.
Vandal took a deep breath and poured strength into his two hands which were holding a weapon. Due to the catastrophic battle against the barbarian king, his left arm wasn’t working properly. Its aura circulation wasn’t natural either, and there was pain in his right leg every time he moved.
How could he fight against the enemy in this state? However, this was the way Vandal had chosen to live his entire life.
Vandal was reminded of the mercenary leader who had been his idol in his childhood. The mercenary leader had been an orc, and he had used to say the same thing in battle,
‘It’s a good day to die.’
Vandal laughed. It was bullshit. Was this that day?
“They’re coming.”
Vandal said. There was a vacancy, so the now 23 members of his guards grabbed their weapons and prepared for battle.
There was more dust. The enemy’s shouting could now be heard as well. The screams and sounds of cavalry were indeed amazing.
Vandal roared as he faced the enemies. The roaring seemed to shake the heavens and earth as the cavalry rode on. Some horses panicked and dropped their riders.
Vandal laughed, and his aura rose up like flames.
“Go.”
The situation was like this, and Vandal, his ogre guards and his soldiers rushed forward wildly.
&
Yakuzan was the chief of the Red Lightning tribe.
He held his weapon in his last fight, instead of running away. He had challenged Vandal, who was sweeping through the orcs.
“Kuhang!”
Vandal roared and wielded a large hammer. Before Vandal’s power, Body Hardening was useless. The barbarians hit by the battle hammer exploded and died.
Vandal felt the battlefield with his entire body. He wielded his battle hammer towards the barbarians on both sides and found himself alone. He felt satisfied as his charge had disrupted the barbarians’ formation.
Dozens of spears flew toward him. The ogre guards were nowhere in sight, but Vandal picked up a barbarian at his feet to use as a shield. However, there were too many spears, and the large spears mangled Vandal’s shoulders, arms and thighs.
As he threw himself at the barbarians, Vandal only protected his head. He moved through the barbarians with a pained roar and blended in with the enemies in order to interfere with the spear attacks.
However, the barbarians didn’t care about any damages to their allies. Among the barbarians, those with a particularly strong red aura around them threw spears.
This time, Vandal scattered aura from his hammer into the air instead of picking up another barbarian, and Vandal’s aura exploded into the sky, destroying the spears or twisting their trajectory.
"Ararararai!”
Vandal gave his ogre battle cry and rushed towards the barbarians with red energy. It was an unimaginable pace for a person with critical wounds all over his body.
The barbarians were trampled on by Vandal, and they died. The barbarians with red energy at the front couldn’t avoid or stop Vandal’s hammer. Like the other barbarian warriors, their bodies exploded and they died.
Vandal’s eyes shone, and the blue aura radiating from him was running wild.
However, a spear then pierced Vandal’s back. Vandal swallowed the pain and swung his battle hammer. He was about to hit the enemy who damaged him, but that was it. The barbarians with the red aura rushed in at once. They were many times stronger than the common barbarians, but they still couldn’t withstand Vandal’s strikes. Every movement made the spears which were already embedded in his body hurt even more.
Vandal put down the battle hammer and used his fists. Some of the barbarians lost their lives to his fists, but it was only for a short time. No matter how much vitality an ogre had, he was still a living being. He had lost too much blood. His life force was scattered, and Vandal’s movements became slower. He wasn’t able to exert his strength properly.
A few spears were sticking out of his chest, and Vandal coughed up blood. A barbarian before him paused for a moment, and Vandal swung a fist with all his strength. He crushed the face of the man and looked up at the sky.
"Ararararai!”
His last roar.
Vandal laughed excitedly. Instead of waiting for death like Yakuzan, he moved until the end. He raised his fist once again!
Kwang!
The sound came from Vandal’s chest, not his fist. A red energy exploded at Vandal’s chest, and he fell to the ground. The barbarians ran over to Vandal and stabbed him with more spears.
‘The end.’
Vandal was lucky his heart wasn’t pierced, but he couldn’t go on anymore. With the last of his strength, Vandal squeezed the ankle of a barbarian who had stabbed him, and he stared up at the sky. Yes, there was a clear sky.
‘It’s a good day to die.’
Vandal thought and laughed bitterly. He closed his eyes.
Then a meteor fell from the sky. 
It was a dark blue meteor. It tore through the sky and exploded to Vandal’s right. A black and a white object revolved around Vandal and pushed all the barbarians away.
Vandal opened his eyes. His ears couldn’t hear properly, but his eyes were still fine. He saw the back of a white-haired man with a blue cloak. 
Vandal knew that back. Although the appearance was different from what he remembered, Vandal was able to recognize it with one glance.
‘Why?’
Vandal opened his mouth. At the same time, In-gong, the meteor from the sky, raised his right hand which was holding a flag. He stuck it into the ground and shouted,
“Below the King’s Flag!”
Kwaaaaaang!
A pure white light exploded. The light coming from the flagpole soared into the sky and spread in a circle.
King...
It was a king’s back.
In-gong didn’t look back at Vandal. Instead, In-gong looked straight ahead. He could feel the power of War from the red aura. It was the first time he had faced such a power, but he knew what it was instantly.
So, In-gong used Below the King’s Flag. He pushed back the power of War using Conquest, and at the same time, he gave Vandal’s soldiers in the vicinity the ability to conquer War.
‘Conquer.’
The woman with white hair whispered.
She said to him, ‘Conquer the power of War. Obey and rule!’
The War Knight wasn’t here, and the red energy was merely a remnant of that power. So, it was impossible for the power of a Conquest Knight to be stopped.
In-gong raised the flagpole of light from the ground once again, and the red aura covering the barbarians was peeled off by the shockwave of white energy.
“Shutra!”
Caitlin shouted from within In-gong’s arms. Due to the King’s Flag, she was wrapped in a white light.
In-gong released her from his arms, then he glanced at White Eagle and Black Eagle which were pushing the barbarians around. The barbarians were strewn all over the place, and In-gong and Caitlin had jumped alone into the middle of the battlefield.
At dawn on the day they heard about Vandal, In-gong had moved the troops of the fifth base to the south. He had predicted Vandal’s movement route and moved southwest diagonally, while Green Wind had searched from the sky. Instead of using Below the King’s Flag, he had concentrated on the mini-map and searched for Vandal.
By the time In-gong found him, Vandal had already been engaging in combat. In-gong had left Alita to lead the rest of the troops and held Caitlin in his arms. He had then moved ahead on White Eagle.
In-gong had been able to see more of the situation as he moved closer. Vandal had been in the middle of thousands of enemies.
However, In-gong hadn’t hesitated. Rather than being afraid, Caitlin had activated the quad-core and amplified their aura as well. 
Then they descended. He had used Night Watch’s ability to fly and arranged White Eagle and Black Eagle.
And now...
In-gong made a quick judgement and pushed the power of War back with Conquest. He infused Earth Quaker with power, which started to emit angry cries, and activated Conquest again.
"Karma!”
Karma appeared behind In-gong after he used Call. She was surprised to find barbarians strewn around but soon understood why she was called. Before In-gong could call her name, she pulled the broken spears out of Vandal and started to cast special druid recovery spells.
‘Master!’
Green Wind called out to In-gong and used Protection of the Wind. The green wind wound around In-gong and Caitlin, while White Eagle and Black Eagle continued spinning around him.
“9th Prince.”
In-gong turned back at the quiet voice. The completely bloody Vandal was making an excited smile. Despite the fact that he was dying, he raised his hand slowly, extending only one finger.
There was no time. Conquest had pushed War back, but White Eagle and Black Eagle couldn’t block all the barbarians forever.
However, In-gong still approached Vandal. He grabbed the finger lightly like they were shaking hands.
That’s how things were.
The white light of Below the King’s Flag spread to Vandal, who nodded toward In-gong. In-gong let go of the finger and turned to Caitlin.
"Please look after Vandal and Karma.”
"Leave it to me, and be careful.”
“Noona as well.’
The two exchanged a small smile and shared their aura through the quad-core. Caitlin stood beside Vandal with her white and blue aura, while In-gong called White Eagle and Black Eagle to him. A single white shield was placed on In-gong’s left arm.
The result caused a gap. 
The barbarians noticed this and shouted with glee. They rushed toward In-gong from all sides.
‘Master.’
Green Wind said. Caitlin’s aura was transformed into the dragon style in In-gong’s body.
‘Dragon Blood.’
Dragon style was then invoked...
And all that power was devoured by one thing—
"Black Specter."
In-gong chanted amidst the barbarians’ roars.
With Violent Kaltein’s equipment, he triggered Night Watch’s super special move.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 124 - Chapter 21: Barbarians #3
Night Watch fluctuated. It moved around In-gong like there was wind blowing. Night Watch seemed like a dark blue liquid. In a short burst of time, the blue colour grew closer to the dark end of the spectrum.
It was just in the blink of an eye.
In-gong and Night Watch disappeared into pitch darkness. An abundant black smoke took their place, exploding and spreading out everywhere.
It was like an angry wave. 
The black smoke swallowed everything within a 20-meter radius of where In-gong had previously been standing.
In-gong had become the black smoke, and he recognized everything within the black smoke. The moment In-gong struck, black blades formed from the smoke.
Padadadada!
Hundreds or thousands of birds seemed to take flight at the same time, and the black smoke shook with a terrible sound. The barbarians screamed as their blood gushed out.
If In-gong were to classify it, the attack would be a wide area attack. 
It was a technique that had the high maneuverability of the black smoke and the black blades which smashed into the enemy!
The black smoke exploded again with a popping sound.
In-gong turned back into his original shape, and all the barbarians in his range fell down.
Karma, who was in the middle of curing Vandal, stopped at the sight. Caitlin’s mouth dropped open as well. The barbarians outside the range were astonished and tried to run away.
In the void on the battlefield, In-gong raised the flag of light. At that moment, Caitlin sensed something. There wasn’t much time left to move among the barbarians who were frozen with shock. So, she moved hurriedly.
“Shutra!”
Caitlin shouted loudly. In-gong turned back reflexively and saw Caitlin lifting Vandal with both hands. Vandal was very heavy, but his limbs were being drawn off the ground. The sight of the slender Caitlin lifting Vandal was amazing.
"Caitlin is awesome."
In-gong spoke unwittingly, and Caitlin just frowned before urging In-gong again. Her arms and legs were trembling.
In-gong smiled and pushed off from the ground. He approached Caitlin and grabbed her waist with his left arm.
Then Blink!
A blue smoke exploded. After using Night Watch’s power, In-gong appeared in a location that was over a dozen meters away.
The barbarians regained their spirit, but it was already too late. Some of them threw spears hurriedly, but White Eagle and Black Eagle blocked the attacks easily.
‘Master!’
Green Wind called out to In-gong, and he understood what she meant. If this continued on, he wouldn’t be able to leave the battlefield with Vandal. Caitlin’s arms were trembling, but she couldn’t abandon Vandal in the middle.
In-gong crossed the space once again with Blink. He landed among Vandal’s troops instead of among the enemies.
As soon as their feet touched the ground, Caitlin put Vandal down. In fact, she almost dropped him, but it couldn’t be helped.
In-gong released Caitlin and planted the flag of light into the ground once again. Although the shockwave didn’t spread like the first time the king’s flag was activated, light gushed towards the sky and gave the power of Conquest to those around him. The energy of War around the barbarians was also blown away.
“Arararararai!”
The surviving ogre guards cried out loudly. Thanks to the power of Conquest, they rushed forward instead of approaching In-gong. They smashed the barbarians in front of them with their fists and weapons.
It was the same for the other soldiers. They had gained the power of Conquest and were beating up the barbarians.
The barbarians were confused about losing the power of War, but they didn’t break down. They shouted angrily too and attacked Vandal’s troops. Living in the cold land beyond the limit line, they were powerful warriors even without the power of War.
It transformed into a melee.
In-gong added power to the flag of light instead of fighting. Karma healed Vandal as much as she could, while Caitlin smashed the barbarians approaching them.
At the same time, White Eagle and Black Eagle were working hard. In the midst of all this fighting, In-gong kept an eye on the mini-map. He watched the battlefield from high in the sky and was delighted when the time he was waiting for finally came.
“They’re coming.”
Those who rushed toward the pillar of light... 
Those who would crack the balance of the two armies...!
Caitlin finally realized it. Her keen hearing could sense the sound coming from the earth.
It was coming from the left side of the battlefield—the north when considering the orientation.
Dracos were running forward with all their strength. Dark elves and lycanthropes were riding on those dracos which were running at three times their speed.
It was a group which had tried repeatedly to catch up to In-gong.
Kaparang, who was riding on the draco with Alita, took a deep breath. He looked at the battlefield and shouted,
“Beast Form! Go!”
Kaparang’s flesh swelled greatly. He became a silver werewolf and leapt off the back of the draco. The draco stopped running and almost collapsed from exhaustion. Alita jumped down from the top of the draco to stroke and praise it, then she raised her head and saw the battlefield.
The lycanthropes were covering the sky, while 200 animals were piercing the sides of the barbarians with sharp teeth and claws.
Alita pulled out a sword. The dark elves didn’t participate in this battle just as a means of transportation. Most of the dracos couldn’t fight, but that didn’t mean the dark elves were unable to.
"Let's go, support the fools from behind.”
Alita said with a laugh, and the other dark elves pulled their weapons. With the strength of their powerful magic, the dark elves helped the lycanthropes.
The total number of these troops was slightly less than 400. In a battlefield where thousands were tangled together, it was just a small handful.
However, they broke the balance of the battlefield. They confused and broke the barbarians.
Like a tightly pulled thread being broken, the battlefield changed at once. The barbarians were now on the defensive.
Then the finishing blow arrived.
"I am a little late!”
Carack shouted from far away. He came with all the soldiers from the fifth, sixth and seventh bases.
Approximately 2,000 people walked forward instead of charging. Their slow march towards the battlefield was somewhat different from a ferocious dash, but the effect was similar to increasing the pressure on the barbarians.
Some of the barbarians looked back. As soon as some of them started to run away, this feeling spread and the barbarians were suddenly escaping.
In-gong realized that the time had come, and it was time to pursue the barbarians.
“Green Wind.”
White Eagle and Black Eagle came smoothly at In-gong’s call.
‘Master.’
Affection mixed with worry filled Green Wind's voice. In-gong smiled and got on top of White Eagle. In some ways, it was like a white horse.
It was good to fight, but right now, In-gong’s role was something else.
In-gong raised the flag of light and shouted with the power of Conquest,
"Full force! Charge!"
He waved the flag with a clear command. White Eagle increased in altitude gently so that everyone could see In-gong.
The soldiers responded to his cry.
The ogre guards voiced their unique battle cry, while the lycanthropes, who had occupied three bases with In-gong, roared, and the dark elves quickly added to the lycanthropes’ cries.
The mixed reinforcements of dark elves, lycanthropes, the troops of three bases and Vandal’s troops...
All of them became one under Conquest’s flag. They rushed in according to In-gong’s words and overwhelmed the battlefield.
In-gong looked at their charge while holding the flag up high.
Caitlin stayed with In-gong instead of going to fight, and Felicia collapsed with Daphne, gasping for breath after all the recovery magic she had to do. Nayatra, who was guarding Felicia, stared at In-gong on the white shield with shining eyes.
Carack wielded his axe. Caitlin’s aide, Seira, assisted Carack while Delia gazed at everything from far away. Amita, who was standing next to her, cheered them on.
Karma finally pulled out the last spear from Vandal’s body, and she used her last recovery magic on Vandal. Despite the desire to fall unconscious, he resisted and kept his eyes on a certain point.
‘9th Prince.’
Vandal gazed at In-gong, and there was an unknown smile on his face.
&
The pursuing army had been destroyed.
It took a while for this fact to be reported. 
The barbarian king’s main army had already reached the fourth base, so the distance between them and the ones who pursued Vandal was considerable. If the pursuing army was in perfect condition, they would be able to convey the news. However, the army was in a shattered state.
The unsuccessful army scattered, but Evian was an unfamiliar land for the barbarians. It would take more imagination than they had to return to the fourth base to search for the barbarian king.
Paratus, who almost fainted at the sight of the empty fifth base, decided to wait there for orders from the barbarian king. 
The surviving barbarians were reaching their limit as their food supply would run out in just a few days. They were fighting against starvation, not the army from Evian.
In-gong won the battle and moved to the second base, while Vandal’s soldiers swept away the remnants of the barbarians.
Two days after the battle with the pursuing army...
After the barbarian king left the fourth base and headed toward the fifth base, the barbarian king changed the direction of his march.
Paratus, stationed at the fifth base, commenced an attack on the south.
At the same time, the remnants of Vandal’s defeated army started to move.
&
“It is late but happy birthday. This is my gift.”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 125 - Chapter 21: Barbarians #4
“The ebb and flow of peace.”
“A short peace.”
It had been a day since arriving at the second base and two days after the battle with the pursuing army.
The remnants of Vandal’s army had been able to gather. 
There were Vandal’s original soldiers and the handful of soldiers belonging to the third base which had collapsed. 
They had saved approximately 2,000 troops, and Vandal still had approximately 2,000 troops when In-gong saved him. So, it was around 4,000 in total.
‘Vandal originally had an army of 9,000... This is moderately good.’
It was nearly half of his army.
It was a significant achievement considering General Vandal had been defeated by the barbarian king. Moreover, it had only been two days, and this many soldiers had already been recovered. As time passed, more troops were gathering, so In-gong could expect that number to grow in the next few days.
"It is a short but precious peace. Why don’t you rest for today? You were moving around a lot yesterday.”
Carack offered with a smile, and In-gong nodded his head slowly.
In-gong had been busy circulating around the second base yesterday and helping with the scattered troops. Thanks to sharing Green Wind’s gaze and the mini-map, he had been able to achieve significant results, but the fatigue had accumulated. Come to think of it, he hadn’t had a proper night of sleep since he first left Takar.
"Yes, I want to relax today."
Of course, he couldn’t really afford to relax. However, he needed to rest to restore his spirit.
In-gong answered and stretched out on a long chair. In-gong was currently at the second base, which contained fairly high quality accommodations as they were for generals to stay in.
Unlike the sixth and seventh bases, which were closer to supply points, the second base was truly a fortress, so the scale was different. The walls were high and durable, and there were many rooms in the base.
Carack looked at In-gong lying down, and he sat down on one of the empty seats. It was similar to a reception room, so there were plenty of chairs beside the one that In-gong was lying on. 
Carack was as tired as In-gong, so the two of them rested in silence instead of talking. After many minutes passed... there was the sound of knocking.
“Shutra, I’m entering.”
Felicia’s voice was heard from outside the door. Before In-gong could reply, the door opened and Felicia and Delia entered the room, with Caitlin and Seira following them.
“Did you get some rest?”
Felicia asked as she saw In-gong lounging on the long chair. It was obvious that she was asking for a seat, so In-gong lowered his legs and got up into a sitting position.
“Somewhat. Noona, aren’t you tired? You look a little thin.”
Felicia sat down at the end of the long chair and scoffed at In-gong’s words.
"Someone drove me harshly day and night.”
"I know that I am a bad guy.”
"Yes, you have a conscience.”
In-gong and Felicia stared at each other and then laughed.
“Well, it was still my choice. It is my natural duty as a princess.”
Felicia had exhausted her magic until she had been on the verge of fainting almost everyday for a week. In-gong’s super fast plan would have failed from the beginning if it hadn’t been for Felicia’s painful sacrifice.
"Daphne is ill, but she is also very satisfied. Not only did we manage to save three bases, but we managed to save General Vandal as well.”
Felicia made a very pleased expression. She had a lot of pride because she rescued a lot of people, including Vandal, but she also liked Daphne’s attitude.
In-gong nodded in agreement, then he took a potion from his inventory and handed it to Felicia.
"Now, you should take this. I will need you tomorrow as well.”
It was a white potion for restoring fatigue. Felicia received the potion bottle reflexively and stared at In-gong with a pout.
“Aren’t you really too much?”
She looked at Caitlin for support. Caitlin nodded and replied with only one word,
“Shutra.”
Many things were implied in that word, and Felicia laughed.
"That's right. It is Shutra.”
"I'd prefer if you stop that.”
Caitlin laughed at In-gong’s request and sat down beside Felicia. Felicia hugged Caitlin and said to In-gong,
“Here, take this.”
“Huh?”
In-gong asked, and Felicia glanced at Delia before giving a signal. Delia approached In-gong with a long box in her hands.
“It is late but happy birthday. This is my birthday present.”
It was moderately luxurious, so it didn’t seem to be prepared in a rush.
In-gong made a surprised expression, and Caitlin explained,
"I heard Baikal orabeoni’s words at the tea party that it would be Shutra’s birthday soon. So, when we were in Takar, I went shopping with Unni.”
The tea party had been right before their departure, so there had been no way to prepare a present in the Demon King’s Palace.
"Oh, is that so?”
“Uh, yes. I wanted to buy you a present, so I agreed to go there.”
Felicia said with a laugh.
In-gong understood what had happened in Takar. He had thought it was a bit odd that they separated with just Carack watching In-gong, but he had never thought there would be a reason like this.
"This is my gift, and Caitlin has a separate one. Open it quickly.”
Felicia prompted, and In-gong quickly accepted the box. His heart was throbbing.
"Open it quickly.”
Carack urged In-gong like he was curious. In-gong opened the box and blinked.
"Uh, a drink?”
Inside the black box, there was a bottle of classy, dark blue wine.
"You are 15 years old, so you can drink now.”
He didn’t know if it was based on dark elf standards, gandharva standards or the standards of the Demon King’s Palace.
Felicia explained further,
"The first alcohol must be learnt properly. I also learnt to drink with this wine. It is a great drink, so learn well from it.”
When she finished talking, she winked softly. It seemed like Felicia wanted to learn with him. 
However, it wasn't just Felicia. Carrack also had a similar expression.
In-gong saw both of their faces and laughed. He didn’t like alcohol, but he was thankful for Felicia’s intentions.
"Shutra, open my gift.”
Caitlin spoke hurriedly, and Seira handed him a very large box.
In-gong opened the box and tilted his head.
“Uh... pillow?”
It really was a pillow. It was also very big. 
The pillow was wrapped in a luxurious purple cloth, and its surface was as smooth as silk.
"Yes, it is a pillow for a good night’s sleep. Not only is it excellent for fatigue, but there is a really cool hidden feature. Do you know what the feature is?”
Caitlin asked with a bright laugh. It seemed like she wanted to surprise In-gong, rather than actually expect him to know.
In-gong touched the pillow, and just like when he touched other items, several phrases popped up.
[Lucid Dream Pillow]
[It is a magic pillow that gives the owner whatever dream he wants, once every three days.]
[You can design the background and characters in the dream.]
[* The dream has a strong impact, so be careful because it can affect your reality.]
[* The dream time is controlled in order to prevent overuse.]
[* It is possible to use up to a maximum of 10 times.]
Caitlin said it wasn't just a pillow. It was a pillow that allowed him to dream whatever he wanted once every three days, but it was also limited to 10 times.
"A magic pillow that lets me dream what I want?”
"Um, how did you know?”
Caitlin’s startled blue eyes shone. Felicia clicked her tongue and said to Caitlin,
“Shutra.”
It truly was a universal answer. Caitlin was convinced, while Felicia narrowed her eyes.
"I’m telling you in advance, but it is a type of mental drug. So, it is harmful to use it continuously. It might be difficult to distinguish the gap between dreams and reality. And also -”
“Also?”
"Isn’t it really expensive and difficult to obtain? It really isn’t cheap. Caitlin was lucky enough to stumble across this among some relics from a ruin. The owner of the store didn’t know its proper performance. Otherwise, it would’ve sold at a very high price at auction. It is good enough among items of the same series. 
“A vivid dream that feels more like reality than reality.”
The salesperson had been unaware of its true worth, but Felicia and Caitlin had recognized it.
Caitlin nodded.
"Yes, yes. We were quite lucky. Shutra is truly watched over by the heavens.”
Caitlin said with a warm smile. In-gong patted the pillow and said,
"Thank you, it is really good.”
"Yes, then tell me later about what you dreamed.”
Caitlin said innocently. Then Carack bolted upright and cried out hurriedly,
“Princess, you shouldn’t ask that. Prince is not in his prime.”
“Huh?”
Caitlin asked with confusion, and Seira and Delia avoided her gaze. Both of them were blushing.
‘No?! I don’t need such consideration!’
In-gong howled inwardly, but Carack just gazed at him with a strange smile.
In the midst of the chaos, Felicia opened her fan. However, he could see that the tips of her ears were red.
"Anyway, do you know about General Vandal’s status? I am nervous about the barbarian king’s movements.”
Vandal’s injuries were really severe. Despite drinking recovery potions for two days, he still wasn’t fully healed. However, the vitality of a blood ogre was flowing through him, and Vandal was also a master of aura. He would be able to stand up in the next day or two.
He felt sorry toward Vandal, but the most important thing right now was the barbarian king, not Vandal’s status. The barbarian king had been informed about the demise of the pursuers and changed his movements.
"The result of Nayatra’s questioning should come out soon.”
It was the result of interrogating the pursuers, not the barbarians caught at the fifth, sixth and seventh bases. They were the ones likely to have new information about the barbarian king.
‘The power of War.’
The red aura that the barbarians had been surrounded with... 
What was going on? Was the War Knight cooperating with the barbarians? Or was it possible that the barbarian king was the War Knight?
He needed a little bit more information. So, be had no choice but to wait for Nayatra.
“Okay, is it time to go?”
Felicia stood up from her seat, and Caitlin immediately followed suit. In-gong got up after placing Felicia’s and Caitlin’s gifts in his inventory.
Right before she left the room, Caitlin grabbed In-gong’s hand and said,
"Shutra, you’ve grown taller.”
Originally, he had been level with Caitlin’s height, but he was now slightly taller. In-gong laughed and nodded.
"Sooner or later, I may even be taller than Felicia noona.”
"Omo, can I look forward to that?”
Felicia replied exaggeratedly. Carack came forward.
"Prince will grow much bigger in the future.”
"Of course. He is the man who will become the demon king."
Felicia said mischievously, but there was a serious tone behind it as she left the room quickly. Instead of talking further, everyone left the room. It wasn’t just Feliica who felt this way after fighting for days and nights.
Everyone who had fought under the banner of Conquest shared the feeling.
Soon after, In-gong’s party headed to meet Vandal at the base. Then a lot of people hurried to report to them.
There was news about the barbarian king.
&
“It is an unexpected move.”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 126 - Chapter 21: Barbarians #5
The barbarian king departed from the fourth base and headed toward the fifth base, but it was literally just for a moment. 
The fugitives joined up with the barbarian king, and he headed towards the north again. It was a move that showed indifference to the second base. 
“It is an unexpected move.” 
Vandal, who was lying in bed, raised his upper body and greeted In-gong’s group. He was four meters tall, so despite lying down, In-gong wasn’t eye level with him. 
The barbarian king was ignoring the troops stationed at the second base and heading north. 
The fifth, sixth and seventh bases were already empty, so Vandal could only presume that the barbarian king’s destination was Takar. 
It was truly an unexpected move. 
However, Vandal didn’t share Felicia’s and Caitlin’s quandary. Of course, the barbarian king’s policy of leaving troops behind him and going to the north was strange, but he understood it. 
Vandal noticed the two people’s confused states and explained, 
“The barbarian king destroyed my army before heading north. There are two reasons for this. One, he was concerned about a rear attack. The other is to buy some time in order to block the road.” 
“Block the road? Is it the way back over the Eastern Limit Line?” 
Vandal nodded at Felicia’s question. 
“That’s right. It is due to geographical reasons. It is impossible to cross the Eastern Limit Line toward Takar without going through Evian. There is something blocking the way beyond the limit line.” 
An unknown land was beyond the limit line. They could guess based on the barbarians they saw, but there was no clear reason. 
This time, it was Caitlin who asked, 
"General Vandal, the barbarians fear... Are they worried about the reinforcements from the Demon King’s Palace?” 
“That’s right. The barbarians are afraid the captains will interfere. Burning Takar means that Evian’s defenses have been breached. The captains are more likely to intervene.” 
The Demon World was very wide, and the army captains were generally stationed in the north. Therefore, the captains rarely appeared at the boundaries, but there were incidents where it had happened. If Evian were broken through and Takar were taken, the captains were likely to move. 
Vandal thought the barbarian king would lead the army and advance to the second base.
Only then would it be possible to create an easy situation to fight or escape the later reinforcements from the Demon King’s Palace. From the standpoint of the barbarians, it would be the worst situation if the troops of the second base joined with the reinforcements of the Demon King’s Palace. 
Nevertheless, the barbarian king left the troops of the second base and headed to Takar. 
"They aren’t lured here...” 
In-gong muttered in a small voice. It was almost a knee-jerk thought. 
The second base was a solid fortress. The walls were high, and there was even a moat. 
It wasn’t easy to occupy the fortress, especially when the old defense forces, Vandal’s army and the troops led by In-gong, totalled to almost 8,000. 
Therefore, it was the best for the demon king’s side to fight at the second base, while it was the worst from the standpoint of the barbarians. 
Carack grasped In-gong’s words and frowned. 
"Indeed, is this them taking the initiative in a big fight? Instead of going to a disadvantageous battlefield, they are forcing us to make a choice.” 
The barbarian king was in the north. The intervention of the captains or reinforcements from the palace were all future events. When looking at the second situation alone, the troops of the second base were placed at a crossroads of choice. 
Felicia frowned and said, 
"We have abandoned three bases... It isn’t an exaggeration to say that the fourth base isn’t far from Takar. If we leave this alone, Takar really will be captured by the barbarians. We can’t allow that situation to happen.” 
"But if we leave the second base in order to fight them, they would force us to fight in a place that is suitable for them.” 
Currently, it was estimated that the barbarian king had between 13,000 and 14,000 troops. It was almost twice the size of the troops stationed at the second base. Moreover, the elite cavalry, which the barbarian king led, exerted great power when fighting on the plains. Fighting on the plains should be avoided as much as possible. 
It was a dilemma. 
If they let Takar fall, the Evian defense mission would fail. However, if they moved north from the second base, they would have to fight the barbarians in disadvantageous terrain. 
The barbarian king couldn’t let the initiative slip away. Instead of being dragged by In-gong’s momentum, he headed north to Takar first. 
How should In-gong respond to this? 
Vandal didn’t given an opinion. He just gazed at In-gong with calm eyes which didn’t seem to belong to an ogre. He seemed to be waiting for In-gong’s answer. 
Felicia and Caitlin also looked at In-gong. Then all the people in the room, including Alita and Kaparang, focused on In-gong. 
What would be his choice? How would 9th Prince handle this situation? 
In-gong exhaled, then he answered in a quiet voice, 
"Fight." 
“Shutra?” 
In-gong laughed at Caitlin’s surprise. He raised his eyes higher and gazed into Vandal’s eyes. 
"We can’t let Takar be captured. If they want to make it difficult for us, then we just need to overcome it.” 
The basis of the strategy was to make it difficult for the opponent. The more difficult they made it, the less of an advantage the enemy would have. 
“9th Prince, the plan?” 
Vandal asked. Alita and Kaparang also made interested expressions. It was because in this situation, In-gong couldn’t just come up with a simple solution. 
“Don’t let the barbarian king take the initiative. Force the opponent to make difficult choices.” 
In-gong replied in a calm tone. 
& 
The second base’s forces departed. 
They numbered approximately 8,000. That was virtually Evian’s total power, except for the minimum needed to defend the bases. 
The barbarians were willing to face the demon king’s army. So, instead of rushing, the barbarian king kept a normal speed. 
Since the starting points were different, there was a distance between the barbarian king’s army and the demon king’s army. In order to narrow the gap, the demon king’s army maintained a fairly fast speed. 
The distance between the two armies gradually narrowed. By the time the barbarian king joined up with Paratus near the fifth base, the distance was narrowed to only half a day. 
However, it was just up to there. 
The demon king’s army remained exactly half a day away from the barbarian king’s army. They didn’t get any closer or further away. 
Whenever the barbarian king’s army stopped or reversed, the demon king’s army also did the same thing. 
This happened in real time, so the barbarian king couldn’t force them to move closer. 
Moreover, the difference in maneuverability was great. 
The demon king’s army didn’t bring a supplies unit, so it was one of the main factors that increased their speed. The soldiers didn’t have to carry supplies. 
Thus, their movements were slightly lighter. The demon king’s army stayed firm despite the barbarian king’s attempts to narrow the distance. 
This time, the barbarian king was in a difficult situation. 
If he continued north, he would reach Takar, but the demon king’s army would be behind him. 
Takar was its own area. It was a city that had the power to protect its huge wealth from the outlaws. So, naturally it had its own defense force. 
It was relatively easy to deal with Takar’s army, but it was a different story if the barbarian king had to deal with both sides at the same time. 
The barbarian king was forced to choose: fight the battle at Takar in the north; or go to a place other than Takar and stop there. 
Both options weren’t good. In particular, the latter method was a waste of time and materials. However, it wasn’t bad for the demon king’s army. From the outset, the purpose of the army was to protect Evian, not destroy the barbarian king. 
Moreover, according to the results of Nayatra’s questioning, the barbarians were lacking supplies. It was because the leader of the fourth base had burnt all the supplies right before it had been occupied. 
Although the barbarian king’s attacks were a success, he had gained few things from the third and fourth bases, while In-gong had taken all the supplies of the fifth, sixth and seventh bases. It was a type of field tactic.  
The basis of the strategy was to make it difficult for the opponent. In-gong didn’t miss this fact and the barbarian king was forced to choose. 
Confronted with such a demand, the barbarian king responded once again. 
& 
“They are moving.” 
In-gong said as he shared Green Wind’s gaze and looked at the mini-map. 
The barbarian king was heading straight to Takar. He was increasing the speed of his advance, like he had made up his mind. 
It was good that the entire Evian area was a wilderness. It was a wide wilderness without any particular obstacles, so it was possible to see far away. If it were a place other than Evian, he wouldn’t have been able to see the movements of the barbarian king’s army, even with sensory sharing and the mini-map. 
Felicia and Caitlin, who explained every situation with ‘Shutra’, accepted it easily, but Vandal was different. 
Unlike the two people who knew about his inventory ability, Vandal really didn’t know anything. Therefore, the ability to see a distance using the mini-map, and the ability to store enough food and water for 8,000 people was literally thought to be ‘great magic’. 
In the end, Vandal just admired In-gong, like Alita and Kaparang. 
The 9th Prince was a sleeping dragon. 
He had been hiding his claws for years, but he was exposing them now. 
Carack remarked on In-gong’s words,
"Did the barbarian king decide to fight at Takar?” 
“Perhaps.” 
If he stopped his army here, he would have to go back without any profit. 
Therefore, the barbarian king chose the unfavourable battle at Takar. If so, this was also good. 
Carack delivered In-gong’s command, and the demon king’s army increased their advancing speed. 
Then the next morning...
The barbarian king’s army arrived at Takar. 
& 
The sky was high and the winds were strong. 
The barbarian king looked at Takar from the back of a giant, black horse. Next to him were Paratus and several other barbarians. 
The barbarian king turned his head and looked back. He saw the demon king’s army which was a far distance away. 
It was exquisite distance control. Although the distance was shorter than half a day, it wasn’t a distance in which the barbarian king could strike them suddenly. Additionally, they wouldn’t narrow that distance until the barbarians attacked Takar. 
9th Prince... 
He had defeated the forces of the barbarian king at the seventh, sixth and fifth bases. 
Not only had he rescued General Vandal, he had also smashed the pursuing army. 
9th Prince was an interesting enemy. According to Paratus and the survivors, he was still a young boy, so the barbarian king was curious about him. 
‘I will find out soon.’ 
The barbarian king—Karatus turned with a smile. He was 2.5 meters tall with an athletic body, and he carried a large mace on his shoulder. Its size and weight were really great, so it wasn’t an exaggeration to call it a siege weapon. 
The barbarian king’s eyes narrowed. He exhaled, and at the same time, a red aura appeared around him—the mighty power of War. 
"Ara, the demon king’s army. Let’s fight hard.” 
The barbarian king no longer looked back. He ran straight towards the gates of Takar like a black flash. 
The 13,000 barbarians roared simultaneously. They pulled out their weapons and followed their king. 
With a strong wind blowing, the battle for Takar began.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 127 - Chapter 22: Dragon Heart
It was a natural story, but it wasn’t easy to fight both the front and rear at the same time. They were surrounded from the beginning, and once one side collapsed, the other side would collapse as well. Indeed, it was a disadvantageous fight. 
Obviously, the number of barbarians was greater than that of the demon king’s army which was following behind. However, that story changed when Takar’s defense troops were added. The barbarians couldn’t enjoy the numbers advantage. 
Nevertheless, the barbarian king had attacked Takar, and Takar’s troops were in front of him while the demon king’s army was behind. 
If so, how would he fight? 
Ideally, he would want to fight against the demon king’s army away from Takar. Takar’s defense troops weren’t part of the demon king’s army, but the barbarians could escape the pressure of a simultaneous attack if they fought a certain distance away from the immovable wall. 
However, that was just an ideal wish. The demon king’s army and Takar’s defense troops weren’t stupid. The demon king’s army wouldn’t participate until the barbarian king’s army had attacked Takar, and Takar wouldn’t waste such an opportunity. 
Therefore, the barbarian king picked a simple way to get rid of the complex dilemma—simplify the situation. 
“Ku-pa-ha!” 
“Ku-pa-ha!” 
The barbarians rushed toward Takar’s walls with a characteristic battle cry, while the barbarian king was the one leading them. 
The barbarian king’s rush was strange. He jumped out like he was attacking alone. None of the barbarians were able to stay by their king’s side. 
Takar’s defense troops fired their ranged weapons hastily, and arrows poured down from the sky like rain. 
The barbarian king didn’t even think of blocking the rain of arrows. He just ran and broke through the rain of arrows with his speed. A great many arrows poured down in the place where the barbarian king had already passed, but none of them passed the king. 
Takar’s defense chief, Paion, was confused. The barbarian king had broken through the rain of arrows with a super fast maneuver. 
However, he couldn’t cross the walls with just this. In front of a variable called height, even a speed machine was forced to be powerless. 
What was the barbarian king thinking as he rushed to the wall?
There was no time to think. Having surpassed the rain of arrows, the barbarian king arrived in front of Takar’s walls before the archers could fire a second wave. 
The barbarian king laughed and poured strength into his hand which was holding the mace. He rushed toward Takar’s gate without reducing his speed at all. The red power of War soon surrounded his arms and mace. 
“Perhaps?” 
Someone shouted. Some were laughing while others were panicking. 
The barbarian king was rushing toward the gate. The giant mace and his hands were emitting a huge red energy. 
All types of attacks rained down from the walls, but the barbarian king ignored them again. He placed his feet on the back of the galloping black horse and looked at one sole point. 
Then the barbarian king jumped. The rain of arrows poured down on the heads of the other barbarians. Paion breathed in, and the magicians on the walls aimed at the barbarian king. 
The barbarian king landed on the ground, swinging his mace at the gate. 
Kwang!
It was like thunder shook the heavens and the earth, and the red aura exploded with a huge roar. 
The barbarian king’s special move from his weapon, Skull Crusher, was added to his power. The gate could not withstand the blow. Almost all the parts connecting the gate to the walls were destroyed, and the wreckage of the gate fell to the ground. Even a part of the wall collapsed. 
Confronted with the unimaginable blow, everyone was silent. It seemed like the entire battlefield was frozen. 
The barbarian king grinned wildly in the calm that the destruction had created. Instead of roaring to praise his accomplishment, he climbed back on top of his black horse and dug into Takar’s walls. 
The barbarians shouted with pleasure. 
Takar’s defense troops were overwhelmed. The gate was breached as soon as the battle began, and the one who had destroyed the gate was now inside. 
“Kupaha!” 
“Kupaha!” 
The barbarians stampeded toward the collapsed gate. Paion moved defense troops to the gate hurriedly, but it wasn’t easy. Fear and agitation dulled the hands and feet of the defense troops. Moreover, there was the barbarian king. He didn’t wait for the barbarians; he ran straight toward the castle. 
The defense was broken, but the shattered gate wasn’t the only problem. The barbarians threw hooks toward the walls. They climbed over the walls and laughed as the defense troops weren’t in the right place. 
A disaster had occurred only a few minutes after the battle had started. 
The demon king’s army saw all of this. They had been waiting for the barbarians to attack Takar, but there was no reason to wait now. If they made the wrong move, Takar would fall. 
The barbarian king’s choice was a terrible melee. 
Rather than fighting against enemies at the rear and front, he chose to dig into one side and cause confusion. 
It was only possible due to the barbarian king’s transcendent streak. 
In-gong was reminded of the lycanthrope subjugation. At the time, Caitlin had done something similar to the barbarian king. She had destroyed the gate with one blow and transformed a siege into a terrible melee. 
It was a super special move... or a technique with equivalent power. 
In-gong didn’t delay any longer and ordered a charge hastily. Kaparang and Alita hastened to spread the order, and the demon king’s army sprang at the barbarians. 
In-gong checked the mini-map to determine the placement of the barbarians. As expected, less than half of the total force had rushed toward Takar. The rest of the troops were gathered in the middle of the battlefield, preparing to meet the demon king’s army. 
They would block the demon king’s army until the barbarian king took Takar. 
No, it wasn’t that simple—they were gathering to rush over here. 
In-gong watched them from where he was seated on Maybach. His heart was pounding so hard that it was almost painful. 
The barbarians were surrounded with a red, fire-like aura. It was the power of War. 
It raised the barbarians’ strength, and their angry roars seemed to pierce through the sky. 
In-gong didn’t sit idly. While running on Maybach, he raised the king’s flag. 
The white power of Conquest spread to the demon king’s army, and it pushed at the angry momentum of War. 
There was only a little bit left to go before they would collide, but In-gong was busy thinking. 
‘The power of War.’ 
It was one of the reasons why Vandal’s army had been defeated by the barbarian king. 
He had to stop it. The source of the power of War which surrounded the barbarians didn’t come from the barbarian king. In-gong knew that through Conquest. 
It was coming from the middle of the barbarian camp. 
That was the source—a blood red flag. 
“Vandal!” 
In-gong’s shout was like a thunderbolt. According to what they had pre-arranged, Carack hastily sent a signal, and the command to attack the flagpole was sent to each unit. 
Vandal took the lead. He left command of the vanguard to Alita and completely revealed the violence suppressed within him. Although there were only half of the ogre guards left, they still gave a powerful cry. 
“Arararararai!” 
Finally, the demon king’s army and the barbarians collided. Vandal rushed like an angry chariot and smashed into the barbarians. However, the barbarians didn’t stand still. As Conquest and War clashed, a brutal conflict began. 
In-gong watched all of this on the mini-map. Vandal’s mission wasn’t simply to beat the barbarians—it was to open a path. 
The battlefield was like a living creature. It was inevitable that changes would occur due to the actions from each side. 
Picking up such changes while standing in the middle of the battlefield wasn’t something that anyone could do. It was only for those with animal senses like Vandal or those with the means to understand the whole battlefield. 
In-gong wasn’t capable of it, but he had the mini-map. Therefore, he could capture the changes to both sides on the battlefield clearly. 
He entered that gap. 
Capturing the flag of War was the top priority. 
“Kaparang!” 
In-gong shouted. He jumped down from Maybach, while Caitlin and Kaparang clung to In-gong’s left and right. Hundreds of lycanthropes in beast form followed him. 
Instead of rushing with In-gong, Carack raised the flag of light which had been given to him. As a king’s knight, he was able to hold the flag of Conquest. 
“You!” 
A barbarian rushed toward him. 
In-gong knew that face. 
‘Paratus!’ 
Due to the power of War, his body was more robust now than in comparison to when he had been at the auction house.
Paratus headed alone toward In-gong. Instead of avoiding Paratus, In-gong met him head on. He ran straight ahead and shouted, 
“Paratus!” 
At the clear call, Paratus’ movements became even fiercer. There was a look of delight on his face. 
The distance narrowed, and Paratus pulled back his fist. 
At that moment, In-gong opened his inventory. He had prepared it in advance, so he didn’t need to look at the inventory to pull out what he wanted. 
The Dragon King’s Golden Helmet—
It was a symbol for the barbarians. 
Paratus, who was concentrating on In-gong, moved his gaze instantly to the Dragon King’s Golden Helmet that was thrown. Especially since Paratus had missed the golden helmet when it had been right in front of him—this time, he didn’t just follow with his eyes but also stretched out a hand. 
Thus, a gap was created. 
Dark blue smoke exploded. In-gong used Blink and struck Paratus. His palm pressed against Paratus’ abdomen and used Arang with the aura of Divine Sura Authority, the technique that destroyed the enemy’s aura internally! 
‘Arang!’ 
The white aura dug into Paratus’ body. His hardened shell was useless. Paratus was thrown back while coughing blood, and In-gong took a deep breath. Instead of following, he pulled back the Dragon King’s Golden Helmet which was connected to his left arm with a thin string. Caitlin passed by In-gong. She moved with In-gong and proceeded with a joint attack on Paratus. 
Clearly, Paratus was strong. He was able to withstand In-gong and Caitlin’s pincer attack as though it was a normal battle. However, he had been injured from the beginning, so it was like he’d been hit by a very strong blow. 
“Kuha!” 
Paratus shouted loudly and struggled. A group of barbarians ran out to save him. 
Caitlin remained calm. Instead of sticking to Paratus, she maintained a distance. This wasn’t a place where there could be a long showdown of skills but a battlefield where hundreds or thousands of enemies and allies fought together. 
Kaparang and the lycanthropes collided with the barbarians. It was filled with blood and death. 
In-gong looked at the mini-map once again, and he conveyed his intention to Caitlin through the Moonlight Core. Caitlin’s response came back, and he prepared something else. 
‘Black Specter!’ 
Night Watch’s super special move was activated. There were sounds of hundreds of flying creatures flapping their wings as a black smoke spread far and wide. 
However, it was different from before. The smoke didn’t spread in a circle. It moved in front of In-gong, and its length was almost 100 meters. 
Additionally, one more thing happened. The place where the black smoke reappeared was different. It wasn’t at the place where In-gong had invoked Black Specter. 
Instead, it was at the other end of where the black smoke had extended. 
In-gong had crossed more than 100 meters, and the barbarians couldn’t respond right away to In-gong who had suddenly appeared in their midst. 
In-gong sprang up from the ground and used Blink once again. The dark blue smoke appeared before the red flag which contained the power of War. 
At the same time, White Eagle and Black Eagle flew. The complex trajectory of light pushed back the barbarians who were around In-gong. Then In-gong reached out and grabbed the red flag. 
He felt the power of War. It was red and very intense; the power was like a flame. 
The red-haired woman wearing red armour flashed into his head—In-gong knew who she was. 
‘War.’ 
It was the only thing he could call her. She was an existence that stood shoulder to shoulder with Conquest, Death and Famine. 
She smiled. Rather than showing a violent affection like Famine or an overwhelming feeling like Death, War had an alluring smile on her face. 
‘Conquest.’ 
The white woman’s voice was heard. Her voice was different from how it usually sounded. 
After hearing the voice, the red woman laughed loudly, and the power of War rose like flames. 
However, In-gong’s white light suppressed the red flames. Thanks to Conquest, the power of War was suppressed and destroyed. 
The red woman laughed as the power of War was scattered. Then In-gong raised his head and looked at reality. The flagpole containing the power of War was crushed, and the aura of War, which had spread throughout the battlefield, was now scattered. 
‘Master!’ 
Despite accomplishing the goal, Green Wind cried out urgently. In-gong raised his gaze reflexively. Although the flagpole had been destroyed, he could still feel the mighty strength of War, and it was rushing toward In-gong from a distance. 
“Ku-pa-ha!” 
A huge roar shook the battlefield, like a burning meteor radiating red energy. 
Barbarian King Karatus... 
He leapt from the walls and crossed the sky. Like a lightning bolt, he aimed for In-gong’s head. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 128 - Chapter 22: Dragon Heart #2
His body reacted before he could think. The moment the barbarian king was about to hit him, In-gong used Wind Style to retreat. It was truly a narrow escape. The place where In-gong had just been standing was struck by the barbarian king’s mace, and the earth was split apart. It shook from the power, and some of the barbarians in the area fell to the ground. 
It wasn’t a special blow, nor was it the technique that smashed the gate. This was just a simple attack. 
Yet it transcended common sense. 
The barbarian king lifted his head as he raised his mace. In-gong was only two to three meters away. 
"Good.” 
The barbarian king spoke in a rough but excited voice. 
He used Body Hardening as a rigid shell wrapped around his whole body. Its quality was completely different from Paratus’, and although the sizes were similar, In-gong couldn’t think of them as the same. This time, it was like facing a mountain. 
The barbarian king had the power of War. Unlike the other barbarians, the red aura was burning like a flame. 
In-gong knew instinctively... 
The barbarian king wasn’t a War Knight. However, he was strong. The power of War was really enormous. 
It was like facing the man with the spear at Thunderdoom Fortress. 
That man came to mind. Maybe the barbarian king was a similar existence. 
‘Apostle of War.’ 
Those words emerged, and the white woman’s voice was also heard. 
In-gong understood. It was the War Knight that had given the barbarian king the power of War. This meant that the one behind the barbarian king was not the Death Knight but the War Knight.
He had granted the power and the flag. 
In-gong finished organizing his thoughts and focused on the barbarian king before him. 
In Knight Saga, the barbarian king had a strength comparable to that of an advanced general. Moreover, he now had the power of War. He was sure to be much stronger than the barbarian king in Knight Saga. 
Fighting him now wasn’t a good idea. It was the middle of enemy territory. At the very least, he should lure the barbarian king back to his camp where allies could fight together. 
In-gong came to the conclusion quickly and used Wind Style again. He was surrounded by barbarians, so it wasn’t possible to retreat with Wind Style alone. However, he was only aiming for a small gap. Once the distance increased from two to three meters to five or six metres, In-gong used his last Blink. 
A blue smoke exploded. In-gong was aiming for a place which was diagonal to the starting location. The moment was instantaneous. Then something collided with the blue smoke. 
In-gong screamed. The moment he had reappeared, the barbarian king’s mace slammed into him. It tore through the air! 
This was a shallow attack. 
The barbarian king didn’t speak, but In-gong seemed to hear the voice of the barbarian king in his ear. 
The moment when In-gong used Blink, the barbarian king had raised his head and looked at the air. He had moved before the blue smoke had even disappeared. 
There were two reasons for this. 
One, the barbarian king knew about In-gong’s flying and blinking ability. He hadn’t seen it on the battlefield, but he had heard about it from Paratus and the other barbarians. 
Blink’s strength was that In-gong changed locations instantly. Moreover, the location where he appeared wasn’t specified, so the enemies were helpless. 
However, was it really like that? Was there truly no specific location as to where he would appear? 
When someone’s life was at risk, the use of Blink was likely to be straightforward. 
The barbarian king had read the intention to withdraw in In-gong’s eyes. In fact, In-gong had used elusive footwork to step backwards like the wind. 
If he was using Blink in that situation, he had to step back. 
In-gong needed to be as far as possible without any enemies. 
Then that meant the trajectory was calculated. By taking a diagonal step backward, it was obvious he would go in a straight line from there. 
The other thing was the power of War. 
The barbarian king, who held the power of War, didn’t miss the power of Conquest which had been used in the beginning. The barbarian king could feel the power of Conquest. 
He read the direction and trajectory, then he determined the distance through feeling. 
It was about a dozen meters. Obviously, that wasn’t a close distance. However, as soon as Blink was triggered, he had been able to narrow the distance. He wielded Skull Crusher the moment In-gong appeared in the air. 
The barbarian king couldn’t catch up completely, but this distance... it was just enough to hit In-gong. 
Kwang!
There was a tremendous roar as the atmosphere shook. 
Shortly before the attack hit, In-gong’s aura had exploded. That explosion pushed In-gong and also affected the trajectory of Skull Crusher. Affecting both the target and attacker, the explosion reduced the strength of the hit. 
However, that was it. The attack was still enough for what the barbarian king had intended. 
The barbarian king’s power was beyond imagination. In-gong flew more than a dozen meters and slammed into the ground. 
For a moment, he couldn’t breathe. He couldn’t distinguish between right and left, as well as front and back. There was no feeling in both arms, and there was no strength in his legs. 
“Ku-pa-ha!” 
The barbarian king shouted. He was already racing toward In-gong, and the distance narrowed in an instant. 
Kwang!
The barbarian king’s second attack clashed with White Eagle. The green force field, strengthened by Black Eagle, shook roughly. Despite being far away, White Eagle had moved to In-gong’s position and prevented the second attack. However, it was unable to withstand the strength of the attack and was pushed back. 
The barbarian king laughed out loud, and Green Wind screamed In-gong’s name. 
Kwang!
It was the third attack. This time, White Eagle blocked it again. Due to the fact that it was coming from a diagonal direction, White Eagle was pushed diagonally and into the ground. 
The barbarian king raised Skull Crusher once again. However, there was a crack in Green Wind’s force field. In-gong gritted his teeth and used Dragon Style as he raised his head. 
The fourth attack— 
Right before it struck, In-gong reached out for White Eagle with his white aura shining brilliantly! 
‘Absolute Area!’ 
White Eagle’s super special move—it controlled all attacks within a certain range of White Eagle. 
The moment Skull Crusher hit White Eagle, the barbarian king’s arm was bent at an unusual angle. It didn’t stop there as even the barbarian king’s body flew backwards. 
‘Master!’ 
Green Wind shouted, but In-gong couldn’t be pleased. Absolute Area wasn’t a simple technique. It was a super special move which required a huge amount of aura and mental power. Yet he had used it to prevent an ordinary attack. 
In-gong felt lightheaded. Blood poured from his body due to the backflow of aura. 
This was the worst situation. His legs still had no power, and his hand which held onto White Eagle was trembling. 
It was just like how Paratus had been. Due to the unexpected blow, he had received an enormous injury. 
The barbarian king, who had been thrown back, landed on the ground. He glanced at his twisted right arm and laughed loudly. With one hand holding Skull Crusher, he readjusted the bones in his right arm. 
Indeed, the barbarian king was a monster. When just looking at strength alone, he was stronger than Vandal who boasted the highest power in the demon king’s army. 
He stared at In-gong, then he diverted his attention away from In-gong for a moment. 
“Shutra!” 
Caitlin's voice—she was approaching, and the quad-core was activated. 
She was racing through the barbarians with Kaparang and the lycanthropes. Paratus and his followers didn’t know what had happened. Maybe it was a reckless rush that left them behind. 
The barbarian king just laughed. Then Caitlin arrived in front of him. Her angry aura exploded as she rushed toward the barbarian king. Kaparang and the lycanthropes were no different. 
A battle broke out. 
With one swing of Skull Crusher, three lycanthropes collapsed to the ground. The barbarians, who were watching the barbarian king’s battle, put pressure on the lycanthropes from all sides. 
The fact that Caitlin and the lycanthropes were in the middle of the battlefield hadn’t changed. Vandal was far away, and the remaining troops were fighting the barbarians, so they couldn’t get there. The only ones there were the lycanthropes. 
In-gong coughed up blood again. The sudden activation of the quad-core had a negative impact on him. 
However, In-gong didn’t stop the quad-core as Caitlin’s durability was weaker than In-gong’s. Caitlin could lose her life from just one of the barbarian king’s blows. So, In-gong couldn’t reduce her combat capabilities. 
‘Master, Master!’ 
In-gong heard Green Wind’s sad voice and took a deep breath. With trembling hands, he then pulled out a potion from his inventory and drank it. Meanwhile, the barbarian king’s Skull Crusher took the lives of three lycanthropes. 
In-gong continued taking deep breaths, trying to normalize his flow of aura. He could feel Caitlin struggle. She seemed to be dancing on the edge of a blade. The number of lycanthropes, which had hardly been damaged in the repeated battles, decreased rapidly. 
In-gong suppressed his impatience. He had to remain calm. 
Abandoning Caitlin and the lycanthropes in order to run away wasn’t even a choice. He couldn’t do that. They had jumped into this fight in order to save In-gong. He had to help them. 
However, victory was required. 
He had to defeat the barbarian king—break him and destroy the spirit of the barbarians.
Right now, In-gong’s body was a broken mess. Furthermore, due to the backward flow, it was hard to reach his aura. 
In-gong needed something else—a means to enhance his power, even if it was just a little bit. 
His head started working overtime, and several things popped into his head. 
Telekinesis, magic power, divine power— 
They were all lacking. Although they were secondary powers, they couldn’t replace aura yet. 
The deaths continued, and Caitlin screamed. The Starlight Core and Moonlight Core shook, causing In-gong to cough blood again. 
“Master!” 
Green Wind’s voice was heard. She appeared in solid form and caught In-gong. Both of her eyes were shining. 
Green Wind... 
The guardian of Enger Plains. She had been born from the fragment of Watcher Ainkel’s soul.
As he looked at her, it was like a lightning bolt struck him. 
‘Watcher Ainkel.’ 
Her dragon heart— 
In-gong had taken the fragment. As a result, In-gong had been able to become a dragon humanoid. 
However, that was it. The fragment was an essence of an elder dragon, a being said to have the same power as a god, but the power of the dragon heart was only that much. 
In-gong activated Dragon Style. 
He triggered Dragon Blood once again. 
The dragon genes were activated. 
At that moment... 
Green Wind touched In-gong’s cheek, and she smiled. Her smile was just like the one when he had talked to Green Wind alone in the temple on Enger Plains. 
“I am completely conquered. Rule over me, Conquest Knight.” 
Green Wind—Ainkel whispered, then she kissed In-gong’s lips. The last piece of the puzzle fell into place. 
Conquest... 
Make them submit. 
Watcher Ainkel’s strength— 
He hadn’t absorbed it, and the fragments of power were scattered around in In-gong’s body. 
Green Wind became a wind which wound around In-gong. He focused inwardly on the hidden powers in Dragon Style and Dragon Blood—the fragments of power in his dragon genes. 
It was created. 
He opened his eyes. 
It was a third aura heart. 
This was a mighty magic power that only a dragon had... 
Also known as a dragon heart! 
The Moonlight Core was strong, and aura also sprang out from the gandharva aura heart which In-gong had originally. 
The third aura heart—the dragon heart supplemented all the power of his dragon style, and In-gong’s magic power started to emit a dragon’s power. 
[You have fully conquered Watcher Ainkel’s power.] 
[A dragon heart has formed in your body.] 
[The level of Dragon Humanoid has risen.] 
[The level of Magic Power Control has risen.] 
[The level of Magic Power Control has risen.] 
[Your level has risen.] 
[Your level has risen.] 
The woman’s voice rang in In-gong’s ears. All his injuries were restored as the white light that celebrated his achievement shone. 
And in that light, the power of Conquest stopped. All those fighting against it looked at In-gong. 
In-gong raised his head. Time had passed. The bodies of the lycanthropes were scattered all around, and he saw the bloody back of Caitlin, who seemed to be on the verge of collapsing. 
In-gong’s gaze moved away from her, and he glared at the barbarian king who was beyond Caitlin. He declared without hiding his anger, 
"Penta-core." 
Five aura hearts. 
A pure white aura emerged from the dragon heart in the center. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 129 - Chapter 22: Dragon Heart #3
The Moonlight Core and Starlight Core continued to be connected. 
In-gong and Caitlin influenced each other. 
In-gong had three aura hearts, while Caitlin had two. 
The dragon style which came from the dragon heart headed toward Caitlin. The aura which was exchanged through the Moonlight Core and Starlight Core painted their auras with both colours. 
The quad-core was a great force, but the penta-core was more than that. It wasn’t simply the addition of one aura heart. 
The aura flow was bigger and stronger, and the aura recovery rate was faster as well. In a short time, Caitlin’s body, which had consumed an enormous amount of aura, filled with a new aura. 
In-gong didn’t capture all the aura. Instead of controlling the enormous power of the penta-core, he released it. The white aura emerged from In-gong’s body like fire, and the dark blue aura twisted with the white. 
The aura’s density was different. It wasn’t a mild light. 
For a moment, In-gong seemed like the sun. 
Aura was life force. 
Everyone had it, so everyone could feel the power. It was  a force which could be understood better than any other. 
The lycanthropes were astounded, and the barbarians trembled in fear. 
However, the barbarian king smiled, and he laughed loudly. 
“Aura! It is the same as War!” 
It was meaningless to everyone except for In-gong, but it didn’t matter. 
The barbarian increased the power of his Body Hardening one step further. His body became redder, stronger and harder. 
The aura of War surrounded the barbarian king, and In-gong stared straight at him. The barbarian king was inherently strong. In-gong hadn’t struggled against Gerard just because of the power of Famine, but Gerard himself was powerful as well. 
So, it wasn’t just the power of War—In-gong needed to concentrate on the barbarian king himself. 
Barbarian King Karatus... 
A person who was more incredible than Vandal. When it came to just the power of the body, he was superior to any enemies In-gong had faced so far. 
From the beginning, it had been all about power. He couldn’t drag this out too long. 
In-gong took a step forward. While the barbarians and lycanthropes were still in shock, he triggered Wind Style. 
There was no noise. There were no signs. The moment that massive amount of aura was released, In-gong’s body appeared beside the barbarian king. 
The barbarian king hadn’t seen In-gong move, but he was a natural warrior and wielded Skull Crusher instinctively. 
In-gong saw it. Naturally, he reached out his left hand and triggered Great Mountain. 
The pushing force collided with Skull Crusher. The brutal force tried to destroy Great Mountain, but it didn’t work. Great Mountain diverted Skull Crusher’s trajectory. As it struck the ground, In-gong took one step and aimed for the barbarian king. 
The barbarian king once again instinctively tried to defend. He strengthened his front parts, such as his chest and abdomen, through Body Hardening. The change occurred in the blink of an eye, almost creating a fortress in the front of the body. 
However, In-gong didn’t pay attention to it. He knew the barbarian king would do this. Instead of using a fist, he stretched out his palm. The barbarian king felt something ominous and opened his eyes, but it was already too late. In-gong’s palm just touched the abdomen of the barbarian king. 
A technique of Divine Sura Authority was triggered. 
It was an attack that destroyed the enemy’s aura from within! 
“Arang!” 
A rough aura, like an angry wolf, dug inside the barbarian king. The hard, external shell was no use. The tremendous aura devastated the barbarian king’s insides. His life force was damaged. 
Cough!
The barbarian king coughed up blood, and his red flesh returned to its normal state. The blow was so severe that Body Hardening was turned off.
However, he wasn’t thrown back like Paratus had been. The barbarian king swallowed down the pain and pushed strength through his entire body. It was enough to make In-gong admire his patience and durability. 
In-gong didn’t panic. He hadn’t thought the barbarian king would fall with just this, so he pulled back his palm and rotated his body. The barbarian king had been able to withstand Arang, but this strong kick to his abdomen pushed him back. 
Kwakakakakang!
At the same time, a huge amount of aura spread. It was a sense of pushing, rather than destruction. 
The barbarian was thrown back into the sky and flew 20 meters. He would have flown much further if he hadn’t encountered so many barbarian warriors. 
The barbarian king slammed into the ground. Instead of pursuing the barbarian king, In-gong chose to take some time to breathe. 
It seemed like ages, but only a few dozen seconds had passed in reality. In-gong looked at  the mini-map. Vandal was moving toward In-gong’s side with his troops. In the rear, Takar’s troops were fighting the barbarians, and the lycanthropes were still surrounded by barbarians. 
In-gong stretched out his hand. He recovered the king’s flag from Carack and penetrated it into the ground, spreading the power of Conquest. 
A ray of light shot up into the sky. As Conquest spread like a shockwave, the lycanthropes were covered with the white energy. 
After confirming In-gong’s position through the light, the movements of Vandal and other high ranking members became more active. Additionally, the lycanthropes regained the strength to fight. 
Caitlin approached In-gong. She hadn’t adapted to the penta-core yet. It was like a flooding river of aura, so it was hard to control it. 
However, she was a genius, and it wasn’t long before she bound back the floor of aura. 
In-gong watched the barbarian king while asking Caitlin, 
“Are you okay?” 
“Yes, it isn’t my blood.” 
Despite the pain, Caitlin spoke in a bright voice to reassure In-gong. She was always like this. 
In-gong glanced at Caitlin and smiled. He adjusted the penta-core to alleviate some of the burden on Caitlin, then he breathed out and formed a fist. 
“He’s coming.” 
In-gong declared. The barbarian king was standing up. He was indeed strong. He wasn’t an opponent who could be defeated with just a few surprise attacks. 
However, In-gong wasn’t afraid, and it wasn’t just because of the penta-core. 
Then Caitlin grabbed In-gong’s hand. The connection between them was strengthened for a while, and the white aura and dark blue aura mixed together. 
“Go.” 
Caitlin said, and In-gong nodded. The two people let go of their hands as the barbarian king moved. Skull Crusher was giving off a formidable aura. The barbarian king was changing the way he fought. 
In-gong ran toward the barbarian king, and Caitlin followed him. The barbarian king roared loudly. 
“Ku-pa-ha!” 
Skull Crusher moved through the air. A huge outpour of power rushed towards In-gong and Caitlin. 
So far, the barbarian king had only used simple strikes. He hadn’t used wide area attacks like this shockwave. The reason was simple—there were allies on the battlefield. They would also be killed by the wide area attack. 
However, he couldn’t afford to worry about that in a situation like this. The barbarian king was going all out. 
Instead of jumping over the wave, In-gong and Caitlin extended their fists simultaneously. Aura radiated out and broke the shockwave. It was an ignorant method in order to protect the lycanthropes behind them. 
The white and blue aura shattered the red, and the barbarian king moved through that gap. He aimed a strong blow at both In-gong and Caitlin. 
Caitlin stepped back hurriedly, and In-gong used Wind Style to appear behind the barbarian king. 
Thanks to the penta-core, the power of his aura had increased, but his durability hadn’t. He couldn’t face the barbarian king directly since one blow could cost him his life. 
Between In-gong and Caitlin, the barbarian king chased Caitlin. The reason was simple—Caitlin was closer to the lycanthropes. 
The barbarian king poured out attacks. Every time Skull Crusher was swung, there was a shockwave explosion. They swallowed up the lycanthropes who had resumed fighting the barbarians. 
The lycanthropes tried to get away from the barbarian king, but it wasn’t easy because the barbarians were pushing the lycanthropes. Despite knowing they would be caught up in the shockwaves, the barbarians didn’t stop. 
The barbarian king swung Skull Crusher again. Caitlin howled and rushed toward the barbarian king. At the same time, In-gong struck from the rear. 
The roars continued in succession, and the earth shook a few times. The white, blue and red auras collided several times, causing explosions. 
It was a bizarre fight. Despite all the attacks, none of them reached the target. The barbarian king repeated the quick and aggressive attacks. Since In-gong and Caitlin were focused on evasion, attack was indeed the best defense. 
The barbarian king’s attacks became faster, and In-gong and Caitlin had to focus more on evasion. 
This couldn’t continue. Unlike In-gong, Caitlin hadn’t received the bonus from levelling up, so she was quite tired. If this became a prolonged fight, Caitlin wouldn’t be able to escape from the barbarian king’s strikes. 
In-gong had to shake the situation. First, Caitlin had to be determined. 
Caitlin plunged through Skull Crusher’s trajectory. She moved through Skull Crusher and aimed her fist. 
It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that all the power in Caitlin’s body was used in the blow, but the attack power didn’t reach its target. The barbarian king defended against it with all his strength. He staggered and aimed his left first at Caitlin, who was up in the air. Confronted with the inevitable blow, Caitlin’s eyes closed. 
Kwang!
There was a loud clamor. However, it wasn’t the sound of flesh and bones breaking. 
It was White Eagle. White Eagle had blocked the barbarian king’s fist with exquisite timing. Although Caitlin was pushed back more than a dozen meters, her life was saved. 
This also created a chance for In-gong, and he rushed toward the barbarian king whose attack stance had collapsed. Once again, In-gong aimed Arang at the barbarian king’s abdomen. 
However, unlike earlier, the reaction was different this time. The aura which was about to pour in was blocked by the power of War. The attack didn’t result in a fatal wound. 
Despite the spilled blood, the barbarian king smiled. He widened the distance with In-gong and wielded Skull Crusher. 
In-gong didn’t use Wind Style. Instead of increasing the distance, he yelled, 
“Green Wind!” 
It was the King’s Call! 
Green Wind responded. She crossed through space and appeared instantly before In-gong. A green force field expanded out and blocked Skull Crusher! 
Kwang!
There was a loud roar as White Eagle was pushed against somewhat. However, it didn’t break, and White Eagle defended from above In-gong’s head. 
In-gong pulled back a fist, breaking the flow of aura himself. As blood flowed from between his lips, he concentrated his aura on Earth Quaker—
The destruction of the Great Enkidu! 
‘True Destruction!’ 
In-gong slammed his fist into the barbarian king’s belly, and the power of destruction swallowed up the barbarian king. 
The red energy of War peeled off instantly as cracks spread and the hard shell was destroyed. 
The barbarian king coughed up blood. His shell broke, revealing a bleeding wound. The firmly grasped Skull Crusher was dropped to the ground. 
However, it was up to there. In-gong had used True Destruction hastily, and it was lacking. 
In-gong coughed up blood as well. The barbarian king howled like a beast and swung his right arm. As it pushed against White Eagle, the barbarian king moved his left fist. It was a blow for taking In-gong down instantly. 
“Shutra!” 
Caitlin shouted. 
In-gong raised his head and squeezed out his remaining strength. He moved his feet to avoid the barbarian king’s attack, then he reached out and grabbed the Skull Crusher which the barbarian king had dropped. 
The barbarian king’s weapon... 
Another thing which had been left behind by the Dragon King. 
In-gong conquered it—dominated it. He took it for himself. 
Thus, Skull Crush’s super special move was able to be activated—the powerful blow that had destroyed Takar’s gate! 
It was a surprise that shook the heavens and the earth! 
The white light from Skull Crusher struck the barbarian king.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 130 - Chapter 22: Dragon Heart #4
There was a dazzling light and loud sound which disturbed the eyes and ears of those who were watching. 
In-gong swallowed back his pain. His two arms seemed broken. 
However, In-gong didn’t drop Skull Crusher. He glanced before him while coughing blood. 
The barbarian king was standing, and he was reaching for In-gong. 
However, that hand didn’t reach him. The upper half of the barbarian king and his abdomen were gone. His entire shell was broken, exposing his insides. It was gory. 
The barbarian king’s knees were broken. The power of War couldn’t be found anymore. The hand stretching out toward In-gong fell to the ground, and both of the barbarian king’s eyes lost their light. 
In-gong let out a long sigh. He let go of Skull Crusher and turned off the penta-core. Then letters of light rose up in succession. 
[Boss: Barbarian King Karatus has been defeated.] 
[The title of 'King Slayer' has risen from low to intermediate level.] 
[Title: Evian’s Conqueror has been acquired.] 
[Strength and durability have increased after the fight against the barbarian king.] 
[Your level has risen.] 
[Your level has risen.] 
[Your level has risen.] 
He gained three consecutive levels. This was the first time his level had risen so much since defeating the zombie dragon at Thunderdoom Fortress. 
As always, the pure white light wound around In-gong. His flesh, which had been driven to the extremes during the fight with the barbarian king, recovered instantly, and his exhausted aura was once again filled. 
In-gong exhaled. He could feel all the gazes around him. There was a mixture of respect, wonder and fear. Under all the gazes, In-gong raised Skull Crusher up high. Then the entire battlefield let go of the breaths they were holding. The lycanthropes roared loudly: 
"The barbarian king was killed!” 
"9th Prince has defeated the barbarian king!” 
“The barbarian king has been knocked down!” 
The cry spread like a wave throughout the whole battlefield, and the barbarians’ morale was broken. 
In-gong put Skull Crusher into his inventory. Although his knees were broken, the barbarian king had died standing up. The aftermath of the battle had ruined the area around In-gong and the barbarian king, which caused the lycanthropes and barbarians to maintain a wide distance from him. It wasn’t an exaggeration to call it a blank space on the battlefield. 
In-gong approached Caitlin, who looked at In-gong with a mixture of joy and absurdity. 
The joy was naturally about the victory, while the absurdity was due to In-gong’s energetic appearance despite it being right after the battle. 
In-gong stretched out his hand to Caitlin and used a recovery spell on her. The lycanthropes surrounded In-gong and Caitlin, while some of the barbarians moved to retrieve the barbarian king’s body. 
Instead of attacking the barbarians, In-gong looked at the mini-map. 
The whole battlefield had transformed. 
Additionally, the death of the barbarian king had caused a great stir. 
Takar’s defenders, who had been watching In-gong’s and the barbarian king’s fight from the high wall, started moving. They poured out from the castle and attacked the rear of the barbarians. 
The barbarians scattered. After losing their most powerful force, the barbarian king, the barbarians lost their focal point. After the death of the barbarian king, some started to escape, while others pierced through the battlefield like they wanted to double check the death with their own eyes. However, the battle continued on as those on both sides fought the enemies in front of them. 
Vandal and his guards were heading straight to In-gong. At the same time, there were also barbarians rushing there. 
They were Paratus and his men. 
In-gong drank some recovery potions and called to Kaparang. He entrusted Caitlin to Kaparang and climbed aboard White Eagle. 
A strong wind blew. In-gong flew as high as he could and glanced at the entire battlefield. Then Paratus found In-gong and roared. 
& 
Following the losses of both the barbarian king and then Paratus, the barbarians no longer had the will to fight, and almost all of the barbarians started to flee. 
General Vandal pursued the barbarians and smashed into them. They wouldn’t be able to dream of crossing the limit line for a while. 
The victorious demon king’s army stretched out before Takar and rested. Takar’s ruler, Vulcanus, didn’t like the demon king’s army staying in front of Takar, but he wasn’t foolish enough to express such feelings. 
Takar had received relatively minor damage. The gate had been destroyed, but the barbarians couldn’t enter deep into the city. Some of the areas had suffered quite a bit of damage, but they were in the lawless areas, and Takar itself wasn’t heavily affected. 
Felicia used the transportation formation near Takar to report the victory. She didn’t forget to put in the first line of the report that In-gong was the one who killed the barbarian king. 
Then night fell. 
It was a night of victory. 
& 
Several large fires were ignited in the camp of the demon king’s army. The flames were so big and bright that they seemed like they would drive away the night. 
Everyone ate meat and drank alcohol, enjoying the fact that they had survived and won. 
However, there were many who had died. The lycanthropes lost more than a dozen people. In the first place, there had been only 200 of them, so the absences were big. 
The night of victory was for both the living and the dead. The fires were a blessing to the living and a light of remembrance for the dead. 
In-gong, along with Vandal, travelled all over the camp and encouraged the troops. Everyone knew of In-gong’s actions, so he was greeted with enthusiastic cheers everywhere he visited. The soldiers gazed at him with eyes full of respect and worship. 
The night passed like this. 
Vandal chuckled and looked down at In-gong. He then tapped In-gong’s back with his fingers and asked, 
“Prince, are you okay?” 
"I’m dying.” 
In-gong had to drink a glass of alcohol at every place he visited, so he had drunk over a dozen cups. His fatigue was more due to the alcohol than the combat. 
‘That reminds me, this is my first drink.’ 
He had never drunk any alcohol before coming here, so it truly was his first drink. 
‘The first time is important.’ 
He thought he would be sitting next to Felicia and drinking it elegantly, but the reality was different. He didn’t know how much he had drunk nor had he tasted the alcohol. 
"It is fortunate that you are still drinking. It is a hero’s style.” 
Vandal laughed and tapped on In-gong’s back again. In-gong frowned but nodded. 
‘Yes, this is a real benefit.’ 
His durability and mental power were significant, so he would probably be fine even if he drank a whole keg of alcohol. 
"You should go back and rest, Prince. You had a great day today.” 
Vandal said with an extended finger. His face, which was red from the alcohol, was filled with a bright smile. 
In-gong laughed with pleasure and caught Vandal’s finger. As always, they shook it like a handshake, then Vandal spoke again, 
“Prince.” 
“Huh?” 
"I have a request.” 
Vandal was still smiling. Both of Vandal’s eyes were filled with affection, but In-gong realized the mood had changed. He had a vague idea of what Vandal was going to say. 
In-gong let go of Vandal’s finger. Vandal bowed to In-gong and took a deep breath, then he stared straight at In-gong and declared, 
"Five days later, both Prince and I will have washed away our fatigue from the battle. I want to fight with Prince then.” 
Vandal didn’t want to take In-gong’s life. 
Nor was it due to resentment or anger at In-gong. 
It was due to a competitive spirit and some aspirations. 
In-gong understood. It had been the same in Knight Saga— No, Knight Saga was different. 
In Knight Saga, Zephyr had always been the one who offered first. 
Once Nayatra found the conditions for recruiting Vandal, Zephyr would asked for a fight first. 
If Nayatra didn’t get this information, then Vandal would stipulate a fight when Zephyr asked him to become a subordinate. 
Vandal never spoke first. He never sought a fight in order to test his lord. 
However, that Vandal was now asking for a fight. He wanted to compete with In-gong. 
In-gong nodded, eager to respond to Vandal’s pure desire. 
"Yes, let’s fight. Five days later, when we are in the best condition.” 
Those around In-gong and Vandal were excited and cheered enthusiastically. They were the surviving ogre guards and Carack. 
Vandal took a deep breath and spoke with a slightly embarrassed expression. 
"It might be too soon, but it was a great fortune that I got to meet Prince. I am thankful that I was able to fight with Prince on this land.” 
"It is my pleasure.” 
He couldn’t say that he came to Evian in order to meet Vandal. 
Instead of shaking hands once more, In-gong and Vandal bumped fists lightly. It was a natural exchange between men. 
Vandal headed back to the excited ogre guards. In-gong gazed at Vandal’s back for a moment, then he returned to his quarters. Carack caught up to In-gong. 
"Prince, isn’t this big?" 
"It is something I have to do.” 
In-gong couldn’t guarantee a win. This could be a struggle for life or death. 
Nevertheless, he wasn’t afraid. It was because this was Vandal, and Vandal had a pure competitive spirit. 
"You are truly a warrior.” 
Carack spoke with moist eyes, like In-gong was really brave, and In-gong made a disgusted expression at Carack before entering his tent. 
The tent, which was filled with animal leather, was quiet. He had been sleeping with Caitlin for several days for the purpose of recovery, but the battle was over now. When he was at the drinking party, Caitlin had gone to sleep in her own tent with Seira. 
"6th Princess left a letter. 
Carack picked up a piece of paper from the floor and gave it to In-gong. She was already quite drunk, so the usually graceful writing was filled with random scribbles. 
‘Did you drink the alcohol I gave you? 
That is forbidden today. 
Hihi. Shutra, you fool.’ 
In-gong was reminded of the Felicia he had seen when he was roaming around. She had been rejoicing with the other dark elves. 
In-gong wasn’t sure how Felicia would feel about him drinking without her, but he couldn’t help laughing. Today was a fun day. It was good that Felicia could relax. 
"I want to see her in that state in the future.” 
Carack said, and In-gong nodded. Then Carack helped him prepare for bed. 
‘Tired.’ 
In-gong was really tired. He would probably fall asleep as soon as he laid down. However, In-gong took something out of the inventory right before going to sleep. It was the pillow Caitlin had given him as a gift. 
The Lucid Dream Pillow... 
It was limited to 10 times, but it was a pillow that allowed the owner to dream what they wanted. 
In-gong touched the surface of the soft pillow briefly. He had already decided what to dream:
A fight with the barbarian king. 
So far, the barbarian king had the highest strength and defense among any enemy In-gong had faced. 
The barbarian king had understood Blink and struck. He had defeated the second Arang, and although it was just an improvised one, he had endured True Destruction. 
In-gong wanted to fight him again. It was clear that fighting him would lead In-gong to a higher place, so it would be good training prior to his fight with Vandal. 
‘I will fight at night.’ 
Regardless of whether he won or lost, he would be able to fight many times in his dreams. 
'Tomorrow, let's fight.’ 
His fatigue was too much today. 
In-gong placed the pillow beside him. Carack saw the pillow and asked him, 
“Prince.” 
“Huh?” 
"The number on the pillow has fallen from 10 to nine. When did you use it?” 
The sharp question made In-gong flinch, and Carack’s eyes narrowed. 
"Prince, was it a big dream? A good, big dream?” 
In-gong shifted his gaze away from Carack, and a large smile appeared on Carack’s face. Just then, Green Wind appeared behind Carack. She then hugged In-gong’s neck and asked, 
"Master, did you dream about me?” 
In-gong stayed silent. He continued to stay silent until he fell asleep. 
& 
The news of In-gong’s victory was conveyed to the Demon King’s Palace... 
And the news spread to all areas of the Demon World. 
Some were happy, while some felt impatient, and others were jealous. 
In a place far away, where news from the Demon King’s Palace couldn’t be heard, there was a man who perceived In-gong’s victory. 
The Death Knight... 
The one who had been longing for the end of the world for a thousand years. 
He raised his head and listened to the voice of death. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 131 - Chapter 23: Cross
The requirements for becoming demon king could be divided into three parts. 
The first was having high merits. 
Merits were the basis of everything. The higher the merit level, the stronger the support from the Demon King’s Palace would be, and there would be more obtainable things. 
It was also the basis of the competition between the children of the demon king. So, no matter how much better they were in other aspects, they could still lag behind in this competition. 
The second was strength. 
The strength of the demon king was just as important as merits in the Demon World. 
It was the royal children’s strength that was looked at when the Merits Department assigned missions. If their strength didn’t reach a certain level, they could only be assigned a few missions. 
Moreover, it was natural, but they couldn’ t become the demon king unless they were strong in the first place. The strongest royal child would become the demon king. 
The third part was networking. 
It was important to become friendly with key figures of the Demon King’s Palace, such as the captains, as well as having alliances with outside forces or securing competent subordinates. 
These connections were just as necessary as merits and strength. There were many advantages to improving the reputation of a royal child. 
There were many cases where the other party would inform them of information beforehand. 
Of course, depending on the type of fame, there could be more enemies than allies. 
The reason why social connections were important was based on the ideal of the strong in the Demon World. Even if the demon king was strong, the people wouldn’t trust the strength of the heir if it was below a certain level. 
The power of their forces, high merits, reputation and a solid network of people inside and outside the Demon King’s Palace... 
These were the things necessary in order to become the demon king. 
& 
"Prince. Prince, get up. It is already morning. The sun has risen a long time ago." 
A rough hand shook his shoulder. 
As expected, In-gong opened his eyes to see Carack’s face. Carack helped the sleepy In-gong raise his body and handed him a cup of green liquid. 
"Come on, drink this. It is a drink for your hangover.” 
In-gong didn’t have the energy to resist, so he drank it, but the taste was truly terrible. Still, the drink had an effect as his mind cleared. 
Carack laughed and handed him a cup of water. The clear, cold water was great. 
"Carack, you seem fine.” 
After clearing his mind, In-gong spoke while pressing a hand against his temple. Carack laughed again and hit his chest. 
"Huhu, this is an alcoholic’s body. I continued drinking even after Prince slept, but I am still fine.” 
The green colour of the orc skin made it difficult for In-gong to tell if there truly was no hangover. Therefore, In-gong decided to just nod. 
"Yes, well done, well done.” 
‘What’s an alcoholic’s body? Does he bathe in alcohol?’ 
After picturing the futile delusion, In-gong closed his eyes again. Then Carack shook In-gong’s shoulder once more. 
"Prince, I truly waited until the latest possible moment before I woke you. There isn’t much time left until the meeting.” 
They had achieved a great victory in the battle against the barbarians, but that wasn’t the end of it. Just like the case where they had defeated the Red Lightning tribe, there was still work to do. They had to restore the bases they had abandoned as well as secure the fourth base that might still contain barbarians. 
The person responsible for this battle was In-gong, so all the clean-up was also In-gong’s responsibility. He couldn’t take a backseat and watch. 
"Come on, get up. There really isn’t a lot of time. You need to eat a big meal in the morning.” 
"I don’t think... Nayatra?” 
In-gong raised his head before anyone entered. It was because Nayatra had appeared on the mini-map, which he had opened through habit. 
As In-gong spoke, Nayatra entered the tent with both hands holding a large tray of food. 
"Your Highness, breakfast is served.” 
Nayatra said gracefully while keeping her eyes down. As In-gong stared at her with a blank face, she put the tray down in front of him. 
"Breakfast is the start of the day. You have to eat. It is ridiculous if you don’t.” 
There was a feeling of affection which couldn’t be hidden in the calm voice. 
It was nice but embarrassing. Was she doing this to gain favour with In-gong? 
In-gong stared at Nayatra before turning his gaze toward the tray. 
There was the smell of hot soup and freshly made bread. Some of the dishes were really hot like they had just been made. 
“Hoh, is everything homemade?” 
Carack moved closer to the tray with a face of admiration. Nayatra stretched out her hand to restrain Carack with sharp eyes. 
"This is His Highness’ food. Step aside. As I said before, this food is for His Highness.” 
Carack flinched at the cold voice, and there was a tinge of embarrassment on his face. 
In-gong felt his appreciation for Nayatra rise as he watched the scene. She was a woman who was cold to Carack. It was indeed fresh. 
"Thank you, I will eat it well.” 
In-gong smiled and started eating breakfast, while Nayatra’s chill melted as she smiled back. 
As the two people smiled at each other, Carack had a wounded expression while he watched In-gong. 
Some time passed. 
After a quick breakfast, In-gong got dressed with the help of Carack and Nayatra. Then he headed to the tent where the meeting would take place. 
Nayatra wanted to come along, but In-gong’s aide was Carack. 
‘Nayatra was always with me in Knight Saga.’ 
She was both a counselor and escort knight. 
“Prince, what is with that look?” 
“No, nothing. I was just thinking about a possible personnel adjustment.” 
Carack’s eyes asked what he meant, but In-gong just laughed. He didn’t intend to change his aide, but it was quite fun teasing Carack. 
In-gong tapped Carack’s shoulder and started moving quicker. 
Felicia and Caitlin were already waiting inside the tent with Delia and Seira. Felicia was particularly noteworthy. 
"Shutra... Noona wants to die... Divide Noona’s legacy in half with Silvan...” 
Felicia lay on top of a big table and spoke in a dying voice. She had drunk so much yesterday that she was now suffering from a huge hangover. 
In-gong sat next to Felicia and used a magic spell. 
"Recovery." 
It was a powerful status recovery magic. It was slightly strange using it for a hangover, but the effect was clear. 
“I can live a little bit now.” 
Felicia groaned and raised her upper body. Her complexion was still bad, but she certainly looked better than before. 
"Why didn’t you use it on yourself?” 
"I can’t use magic because my head hurts too much.” 
Felicia replied with a frown and drank the cold water on the table. In-gong turned his head toward Caitlin. 
“What about Noona? Is your body okay now?” 
“Yes, I am fine.” 
Caitlin had gone to sleep right after the battle. 
She smiled gently and then asked a question while tilting her head slightly, 
“By the way Shutra, what happened yesterday? Your aura suddenly got stronger. It seemed like one more aura heart had grown.” 
Caitlin was connected to In-gong through the Moonlight Core and Sunlight Core. Since he had operated the penta-core in the battle with the barbarian king, Caitlin had no choice but to notice the new aura heart. 
In-gong looked around at those inside the tent before answering. 
Seira was standing behind Caitlin with curiosity, while Delia and Felicia weren’t as curious because they were somewhat ignorant about aura. 
There was also Carack standing behind In-gong. 
As Felicia always said, the air was one body with their master. Therefore, he could tell these six people his secret. 
In-gong took a deep breath and said in a calm voice, 
"This story is only for the people here. Please keep it a secret.” 
The curiosity on their faces became stronger. In-gong laughed inadvertently and started his explanation. 
“Shutra is great!” 
Caitlin’s eyes widened and shone. It felt like it had been a while since he last heard it. 
It wasn’t just Caitlin who felt admiration. Felicia stood up and shouted, 
"That's right, great. No, amazing!” 
"That's right, Master is great and amazing.” 
Green Wind appeared behind In-gong and hugged him. The people in the tent weren’t surprised anymore since it was a scene they had seen often. 
The fact that In-gong had obtained Watcher Ainkel’s dragon heart on Enger Plains was known to everyone. However, it didn’t stop there, and he had now formed a dragon heart in his body. 
In-gong explained that it was possible due to something special about Ainkel’s dragon heart, but they were still filled with admiration. 
Caitlin spoke with a bright expression, 
"So, that is why your aura suddenly became stronger. It is also why I felt something similar to Baikal orabeoni from Shutra’s aura. Shutra is really amazing.” 
Caitlin expressed her innocent admiration. However, instead of replying like normal, Felicia burst out. She looked at In-gong and Caitlin with outraged eyes. 
“Oh, my god. Aura becoming stronger is nothing to laugh at. It is truly great. Do you know what it means to have a dragon heart?” 
"Uh, is Prince going to become a big dragon? Will scales form on his body? Or maybe he will grow a tail?” 
At Carack’s question, Caitlin’s eyes widened and her gaze shifted down to In-gong’s hips. In-gong looked down as well. 
Felicia firmly shook her head. 
"It's not like that. What are you talking about? Why would he develop scales or a tail? Although horns or wings would be cool!” 
Her words trailed off at the end. 
Felicia covered her face with both hands and lamented, 
"Oh my god. Why am I the only magician here? Why?” 
"Princess, calm down and explain slowly.” 
Delia came forward. 
It worked as Felicia continued speaking in a somewhat calm voice, 
"A dragon heart is the dragon’s power itself. It could be called a dragon’s organ. The dragon heart contains the distinctive power of a dragon.” 
"Then Shutra can shoot out dragon breath?” 
Caitlin asked when she heard ‘power of a dragon’. Carack’s eyes widened. 
"Prince, can you shoot fire from your mouth?” 
As all eyes moved towards In-gong’s mouth, In-gong raised his hand to his mouth without even knowing it. The word ‘fire’ popped into his head. 
Felicia shook her head at all their reactions. The wildly moving heart seemed to represent Felicia’s spirit. 
“No, no. Nothing like that! More important and greater! Shutra, do you know?” 
Felicia asked, turning to In-gong. Putting aside the others, her eyes were asking why he didn’t know. 
In-gong searched through his memories. The information from Knight Saga and the books about the elder dragons came to mind. 
What could he do with a dragon heart? 
Something that only dragons could do. 
The answer flashed through his head, and In-gong spoke unconsciously,
“Dragon magic.” 
They were powerful words, referring to the unique magic that only dragons could use. 
"Yes, that's correct! Shutra has a dragon heart, so he may be able to use dragon magic!” 
Felicia cried out with a refreshed face. 
However, the rest of the party still had confused expressions. Caitlin and Delia knew about magic, but they didn’t have a rich knowledge of it. 
Additionally, Carack, who was the most ignorant about magic in the tent, raised his hand. 
"Princess, who will teach the dragon magic? Don’t you have to learn it from a dragon?” 
"Uh, maybe?" 
There was little known about dragon magic. Felicia had no knowledge about it other than it was a powerful magic that only a dragon could use. 
Carack’s eyes narrowed at Felicia’s less than confident reply. 
"Princess, do you know a dragon?” 
“No.” 
"Me too." 
Caitlin replied as well, and Felicia calmed down her excitement.
The possibility of learning dragon magic was opened, but there was no way to learn it right away.
"Let’s just calm down. It is enough to know that there is the possibility. We can ask the sword duke or Amita.” 
Those two people might know more about dragons. 
‘And...’ 
In-gong could think of someone who knew about dragon magic, but it wasn’t a place he could visit right now. 
As soon as the turmoil settled down, Vandal entered the tent, and they discussed future plans. 
& 
Although it wasn’t an exaggeration to say Evian was in winter all year around, that was also divided into cold and warm seasons. Right now, the really cold weather was approaching. 
As soon as the meeting ended, the group gathered the troops hastily. They had to re-occupy the fifth, sixth and seventh bases and expel the remaining barbarians from the fourth base. 
Since there was no reason to visit the fifth, sixth and seventh bases again, In-gong took out all the supplies from his inventory and handed them to the troops of each base. Thanks to that, the movement speed slowed down, but it wasn’t a big problem. 
Then night came again. 
Thanks to the fireplace, In-gong was able to check the mini-map in the early hours as well as open his inventory. He took out the Lucid Dream Pillow. 
‘Now, I will start.’ 
In-gong took a deep breath and laid his head on the Lucid Dream Pillow, falling asleep instantly.
After a while, a loud voice was heard in In-gong’s ears as he opened his eyes in the dream. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 132 - Chapter 23: Cross #2
"This is the dream setup stage. Are you sure you want to create a dream?” 
Just like every time he levelled up, a woman’s voice was heard off-screen. 
It was a soft, warm voice, but after experimenting a few times, he came to the conclusion that a personality didn’t exist with it. 
It was like the voice of an in-game NPC which repeated predefined words. 
‘Well, it is understandable.’ 
If the voice had a personality, it would be like a woman was peeping into his dream. 
If there was a peeper, people wouldn’t want to dream. 
'Embarrassment.’ 
Of course, the voice was only present in the dream, so it couldn’t go and tell others about the dream. However, it was still embarrassing. 
‘Yes, embarrassing.’ 
He didn’t want to show his dream to others. It would be like revealing his secret desires to them. 
In-gong calmed himself by taking a deep breath and looked straight ahead. Just like all the classic movies scenes he had seen in the past, the whole world was white. Furthermore, it was a wide space without walls, so there was no distinction between the sky and the earth. 
It felt like a blank canvas which hadn’t been touched. 
'Okay, then the background.’ 
This wasn’t actually his first time using the Lucid Dream Pillow. 
The first time had been while pursuing the barbarian king from the second base. Another feature of the Lucid Dream Pillow was giving a good night’s sleep, so he had used it during the repeated marches. 
‘I only tried a few settings.'
The Lucid Dream Pillow was comparable to a game with a save slot. So, he set up a new game by leaving the first slot paused and opening a second slot. 
"Please imagine the background you want in your mind.” 
"The guide voice can be activated or deactivated at any time.” 
The voice was heard in succession. In-gong closed his eyes and concentrated. Due to the nature of dreams, the first thing which came to mind was In-gong’s room. 
It wasn’t his bedroom in his mansion at the Demon King’s Palace. 
What he pictured was his room before he came to this world—the place where Joo In-gong, not Shutra, stayed. In-gong’s room had a bed, a closet and a bookcase. 
There was no need to retouch anything with his imagination. He was able to see it clearly like it had been taken with a photograph. 
However, In-gong’s eyes didn’t open. He quickly erased the thoughts in his head. 
If he opened his eyes to see his room, it felt like something in In-gong’s mind would collapse. 
He had to forget those things in order to survive. So, he buried thoughts of the past in order to live in the current present. 
In-gong took deep breaths. He emptied his head and thought of a new background, using his imagination to create the dream. 
It was now a garden in the Demon King’s Palace, but it wasn’t exactly the same. It was much wider, and it wasn’t just his mansion that surrounded the garden. There was the mansion where Felicia and Silvan stayed as well as Caitlin’s and Chris’ mansion beside In-gong’s. There was also a blacksmith’s forge in the corner where Amita was playing around. 
‘Amita is in the background.’ 
In-gong laughed as he glanced up at the sky. The sky... It was the lofty, blue sky that In-gong liked. 
It was also possible to control the weather. He made it sunny and warm, but the cold wind made it feel refreshing. 
‘I felt it last time, but I can understand why there are separate slots.’ 
Once he started making the settings, there was no limit. It was interesting to play around while setting up the dream. 
It wasn’t just the background setting. 
"The placement of people is the same as setting the background.” 
"The characters are just figures in the dream. They aren’t the actual people. Therefore, both the personality and abilities are created by the owner. Please note this point.” 
In-gong nodded while listening to the voice. It was impossible to create all the secrets and past histories of the people included in the dream. When he thought about it, In-gong didn’t have confidence to create them. 
‘But still...’ 
He should at least attempt it once. In-gong closed his eyes and imagined it:
The person who had always been with him since entering this world... A voice which spoke up every time In-gong was in danger. 
In-gong opened his eyes. A woman with white hair stood before him. She was wearing white clothes reminiscent of clergy attire and had a gold crown on her head. 
She had one red eye and one blue eye. The light in her eyes were friendly but lonely. 
This was still the setup stage, so she couldn’t speak yet. In-gong closed his eyes again and imagined another person. 
This time, he thought about Watcher Ainkel. As soon as he opened his eyes, In-gong was overwhelmed. 
A gigantic creature was looking down at In-gong from a very high place. 
Ainkel’s body was a huge green dragon; this was the appearance he had seen when he conquered her dragon heart on Enger Plains. 
In-gong quickly changed the setting. Then Ainkel, who was bigger than a mountain, became the smaller Green Wind. 
‘Ohh.’ 
Deer horns sprouted from amidst long green hair, and leaves and stems weaved together to form natural clothes. 
She was a sacred, elegant and noble existence, and her green eyes were full of mystery. 
It was the Green Wind he had first seen on Enger Plains. 
The next moment, another Green Wind appeared next to Ainkel. She was the cute and charming Green Wind. 
Their faces were the same, but the atmosphere they gave off was different. Unlike Ainkel, who stood calmly, Green Wind seemed like she wanted to rush toward In-gong. He was forced to think of a puppy eager to follow her master’s command. 
It was at that moment that a tail formed from between Green Wind’s hips, and a dog snack appeared in front of her. 
In-gong tried to hold in his laughter. It was cute, but somehow, he felt sorry. The Green Wind before him was the way that In-gong thought of her. Still, wasn’t it quite an exaggeration? 
‘Anyway, this is fun.’ 
This time, In-gong imagined Felicia. She was dressed in a woman’s suit and wearing black framed glasses, so she looked as good as expected. Although Felicia was the age of a high school student, In-gong’s image of Felicia was closer to a teacher or career woman. 
Carack wore a black suit and sunglasses. It looked good since he had a great physique. 
In-gong summoned Nayatra and looked around reflexively. Although he felt like the gazes of Conquest and Ainkel were somewhat judging, he changed Nayatra into a nurse outfit. Indeed, it worked well. 
It was difficult to stop once he starting playing with them like dolls. 
Except for the white woman and Ainkel, In-gong erased the rest of the characters. 
In the first place, the Lucid Dream Pillow was being used today in order to prepare for the fight against Vandal. 
In-gong imagined the barbarian king and Vandal, and the barbarian king and Vandal were now standing side by side. 
‘Next is to limit their abilities.’ 
If he changed everything using his thoughts, it wouldn’t be proper training. In-gong added additional settings so their abilities matched his current stats. 
‘Can I use this to preview my stats?’ 
This was a type of simulator, so it was possible to verify how he should distribute his remaining points in the most efficient way. 
‘The more I look at it, the more this system seems like a scam.’ 
It would be no help in reality, but the value of the item wasn’t just how it could be utilized in battle. Like Felicia said, this was a tremendous item. 
Now that he knew the true value of the item, he was once again thankful to Caitlin. Including Felicia, they were the two people he really wanted to protect. 
‘Okay, then I shall begin.’ 
“You haven’t set up a situation and story yet.” 
“Do you want to start the dream?” 
"Once you start the dream, you won’t be able to wake up for eight hours unless something special happens.” 
"Examples of extraordinary events includes a strong impact from the outside, a strong request from the user or damage to the Lucid Dream Pillow in real life.” 
In-gong nodded. He had told Green Wind beforehand to wake him up if something happened. 
In-gong was hoping for a fight with the barbarian king and Vandal, so no scenarios or settings were needed. 
"Well, I'll start the dream. I hope you have a good dream." 
The moment the elegant voice spoke, the world changed. Everything was intact, but In-gong could feel it. 
Everything in his dream came to life. 
In-gong turned to Conquest. As expected, she didn’t say anything. She looked at In-gong with lonely but affectionate eyes. 
Why was she making that expression? She had said that In-gong was her only hope. 
Famine and Death felt strong affection toward her. 
War was ambivalent, but was a bit different from Famine and Death. War still liked Conquest. 
In-gong wanted to hear more stories from Conquest, but it seemed impossible. 
In-gong then turned toward Ainkel. She faced him and laughed softly. Ainkel grabbed the wind and made an invisible chair, then she said joyfully, 
“The Lucid Dream Pillow is an interesting item. I know who made this item, but I can’t tell you. You still don’t have enough knowledge.” 
As the elegant voice had pointed out, In-gong hadn’t specified any instructions or stories. Nevertheless, Ainkel was acting like this. Moreover, the words she spoke weren’t things he knew. 
She knew who made it but couldn’t tell him; this was knowledge unknown to In-gong. 
“Ain...kel?” 
“I’m not Ainkel. I am her remnant. I suppose I am the last piece. I am just the fragment of memory and personality that remains in the dragon heart. I am closer to your cute Green Wind than Ainkel.” 
In-gong understood. It wasn’t just Conquest who dwelled in In-gong’s soul; there was also the fragment of Ainkel. 
In-gong turned to Conquest again, but she was still the same. 
Ainkel said, 
“The Lucid Dream Pillow is versatile, but it is still a limited tool. This world is made by you and is for you. I am buried deep in your consciousness and can talk to you with the help of the Lucid Dream Pillow, but that is it. I am limited in helping you and giving you information related to knowledge that you already have.” 
In-gong understood this. He then asked in a blunt manner, 
"Ainkel, are Conquest, War, Famine and Death... involved in your death?” 
"I guess so.” 
It was the answer he had expected. In the end, there was no reliable reason to change In-gong’s thoughts. 
Instead of becoming frustrated, In-gong changed the topic to something else. 
"Ainkel, I want to go to a dragon’s grave to learn dragon magic. Can you tell me where a dragon’s grave is?” 
"You know the place. However, there are many things in your memory, so it isn’t coming up. I will give you a good tip. Figure out how to take advantage of me. Yes, I can help you if this is the case.” 
Obviously, he had seen it in the game, but he couldn’t remember it properly. Although Zephyr was a dragon humanoid, he felt no need to visit a dragon’s grave because he couldn’t learn dragon magic. 
A dragon’s grave was a training ground for dragons. In Knight Saga, it was a place where a mighty dragon educated his children. 
Ainkel summoned In-gong’s memory for him, and a map showing the approximate location of the dragon’s grave emerged in his head. It was the same as he had seen in a book. 
As In-gong’s expression brightened, Ainkel smiled and said, 
"I will leave it here for today. It is a short meeting, but I have been sleeping for too long. We can have a longer conversation next time.” 
In-gong felt somewhat regretful, but he didn’t show this towards Ainkel. 
"I will go back now. Conquest Knight, look after Green Wind well.” 
With those words, Ainkel closed her eyes. She didn’t disappear into the wind like Green Wind, but In-gong could tell that the Ainkel in front of him now was just an empty shell. 
In-gong sent Ainkel back. He would do the same to Conquest, but in the end, he didn’t. Perhaps she didn’t know that she could speak to In-gong through the Lucid Dream Pillow. 
"Okay, then back to the main point.” 
In-gong turned towards the barbarian king and Vandal. It was like they had suddenly gained life, and the barbarian king and Vandal stared at In-gong. 
The world of the Lucid Dream Pillow was a dream. Thus, it was impossible to gain experience or raise his skill levels while inside the dream. 
Even so, he was able to experience it. He was able to understand his techniques more deeply and could find ways to utilize them. 
In-gong exhaled, and when he raised his head, he had Earth Quaker, White Eagle, Night Watch and the Dragon Scales Greaves equipped. 
“Let’s get started.” 
The barbarian king raised Skull Crusher and approached. 
Then eight hours later... 
By the time Carack woke In-gong up, he had experienced 32 deaths. 
& 
“Shutra, did I appear in the dream?” 
"Amita appeared.”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 133 - Chapter 23: Cross #3
"You woke up?” 
Carack’s face was visible in his distorted view. Instead of answering, In-gong blinked several times. Every time his eyelids closed and opened, his field of vision became clearer. 
"Master, I let the orc wake you up after the time that Master said. Is this okay?” 
He heard Green Wind’s voice from her bedside. In-gong reached out and stroked Green Wind’s head. 
“Okay, well done.” 
Green Wind’s face brightened at In-gong’s praise, and he thought of the dog’s tail he had seen in his dream. 
After raising his upper body, Carack handed him a glass of cold water and looked at the Lucid Dream Pillow. 
“It looks like you used the pillow. What type of dream did you have?” 
In-gong looked down reflexively at Carack’s question. His face was redder than usual. 
"Huh?” 
“That’s great. Your face has revived. You are like a new recruit who survived alone in his first battle after all the troops have been killed.” 
In-gong laughed at the odd details but nodded. 
"Well, it is similar.” 
"Prince?" 
Carack asked again, but In-gong didn’ give a specific answer. Then Carack scratched the back of his head before changing the topic. 
“Prince, quite a bit of time has passed. Today, we are departing after lunch. There is still some time, so there is no need to hurry. Lunch is going to be a little earlier than usual. Oh, and the princesses want to see Prince.” 
Carack’s report flowed over him. In-gong blinked. 
"Noona?” 
It was common for the two people to look for In-gong, but they wouldn’t come in the morning for no reason. 
As In-gong stood up, Carack said, 
"Karma went to inform them that Prince is up, so both of them will come soon. Additionally, Nayatra has prepared breakfast for when Prince wakes up, so you just need to wash and eat." 
These days, it was Nayatra who prepared breakfast for In-gong every day. Carack had been confused by Nayatra’s cold attitude, but it seemed like he had now adapted. 
“Your Highness, it is Nayatra.” 
He could hear Nayatra’s voice from outside the tent. Carack laughed as he held out the water, and In-gong began to wash hurriedly. 
After washing up and eating breakfast, Caitlin and Felicia entered the tent. The two of them appeared at the same time. 
Caitlin saw the Lucid Dream Pillow and asked with a bright face, 
"Shutra, you used the pillow. How is it? Did you dream? Did you really dream of anything you wanted?” 
In-gong laughed at her curiosity. Once he saw Caitlin’s enthusiastic response, it seemed strange that Caitlin gave the Lucid Dream Pillow to In-gong instead of keeping it for herself. 
'It feels good.’ 
His mood improved due to Caitlin’s emotions. 
"Yes, I tried it last night. It was really amazing as it did what my mind wanted.” 
Caitlin’s eyes started to shine like lanterns at In-gong’s words, and she asked with an excited face, 
“Shutra, did I appear in the dream?” 
"Amita appeared.” 
In-gong laughed awkwardly. He hadn’t expected her to ask directly like that. 
Caitlin’s eyes widened at In-gong’s answer. 
“Amita?” 
Did he say the wrong answer? 
Carack asked from the right side, 
"Prince, you slept on the dream pillow, and the raccoon came out? What did you dream of?” 
Carack struggled to imagine it. Right then, Green Wind spoke up, 
“Master, did I appear?” 
"Uh, yes.” 
She was making a face full of expectation, so In-gong replied hurriedly. Green Wind sighed with relief and gloated, 
“Master is a great master.” 
"Eung.” 
In-gong replied awkwardly and felt a tinge of remorse. He couldn’t tell her she had appeared with a dog’s tail. 
However, the others now started to ask questions. The first one was Felicia. 
“Shutra, did I show up?” 
“Uh… yes.” 
“Hoh…” 
As In-gong avoided her gaze, Felicia’s eyes narrowed strangely. He didn’t know if it was a good or bad thing, but then Carack went on to ask a question, 
“Prince, did I appear?” 
"You appear...ed?” 
He had clearly appeared, but unlike the others, all In-gong had done was change his clothes. 
After Carack, Nayatra spoke from a corner, 
"Your Highness, what about me?” 
"Eung.” 
In-gong avoided her gaze again. Caitlin’s eyes narrowed even more than Felicia’s as she asked, 
“Shutra, then was I the only one who didn’t appear?” 
"No, that..." 
“Prince, what did you dream of?” 
Carack asked the question that everyone was wondering. In-gong started to explain with a relieved expression, 
"I dreamt about fighting the barbarian king. I can dream whatever I want. I thought it could be used for combat simulations.” 
"Then why did we come out in the dream? What about 6th Princess and the raccoon?” 
"Shutra, did you dream about fighting me?” 
“If it is a fighting dream, then shouldn’t I appear?” 
Carack, Felicia and Caitlin spoke in turn. 
The more he said, the more the situation seemed twisted. In-gong changed the subject hurriedly, 
“Ah, well! I had a dream about fighting the barbarian king, and it was a great help. Thank you for the great gift, Caitlin noona. Then, why did both of you want to see me?” 
It was obvious that he was changing the conversation, but it was accepted. Felicia patted the head of Caitlin, who was sulking, and said, 
"Amita said to gather. They have completed more equipment.” 
“Oh, finally.” 
It had been a long time since they left the Demon King’s Palace for Evian. High-end equipment wasn’t created in an instant, and they had used this time to finish more of them. 
Felicia gave a long sigh. 
"She didn’t have proper working conditions because we kept moving. Shutra doesn’t know, but Amita has been angry every day. Daphne was truly suffering.” 
"I will praise them later.” 
Daphne wasn’t a member of the King’s Knights but she belonged to In-gong’s faction. An appropriate reward was required. 
"Karma will bring them soon.” 
Karma was busy moving this morning. Meanwhile, In-gong was locked in his thoughts as he waited for Amita. 
Then something came to his mind again. 
‘There has been quite a lot of progress.’ 
It had been several months since he set up his tent in the Jishuka Mountains, and many things had changed since then. 
In-gong had many subordinates. He also had supporters, such as the sword duke and the 4th Queen Elaine Moonlight, and had even created a faction which contained five of the demon king’s children. 
'I also obtained Nayatra, and I will soon get Vandal.’ 
They were two of the three subordinates he loved the best in Knight Saga. Now was the time to move one step further. 
It wasn’t just strength which was necessary to become the demon king. Of course, the power of the royal child was an important factor, but it was impossible to take on the whole Demon World alone. So, the royal child’s armed forces were necessary. 
His forces... 
The outline was starting to form. He hadn’t met 3rd Queen Sylvia Doomblade yet, but the dark elf reinforcements sent to this battle meant her support. So, In-gong could think of the dark elves as his. 
'Moreover, there is Felicia.’ 
The dark elves were a maternal society, so Felicia’s position was significant. Without her, it wouldn’t be easy to get the support of the dark elves. 
The dark elves and the lycanthropes... Two children of the demon king were supporting In-gong. 
It was a solid background, but he couldn’t depend on it. In-gong had now reached the stage where he could have an intelligence organization move independently. 
In Knight Saga, Nayatra was both an escort knight and the head of his information organization. Vandal was also in command of Zephyr’s armed organization. 
Once all the rewards for Evian were settled, the merit level would be quite high. Hopefully, it would be possible to have his organization official registered with the Demon King’s Palace. 
'And... it is time to contact the religious churches.’ 
Religion wasn’t something he could pass over. The species in the Demon World believed in different gods. 
The lycanthropes followed Stella, the goddess of the moon and hunt, while the dark elves followed Camilla, the goddess of dreams and shadows. 
The humans disparaged the gods as demonic gods, but the same doctrines existed. 
In fact, he didn’t know if they were the same or distinct existences, but it was a world where divine power existed in the same way as magic. The power of the churches was quite intense in the Demon World. 
The religion with the greatest power in the Demon World was the Erebos religion which worshipped the god of the night and the darkness, who could be called the god of the demon king. In Knight Saga, they could be allies or enemies depending on Zephyr’s choice. 
‘Dark Saintess Altesia.’ 
If Beatrice, the saintess of light, was on the side of the Human World, the dark saintess Altesia would be on the side of the Demon World. 
They were beauties with tremendous divine powers, but the positions of the two were quite different in Knight Saga. 
Unlike Beatrice, the so-called heroine, Altesia could either join or not join Zephyr. 
If she joined Zephyr, she could be used for the long term. However, if she were an enemy, Zephyr would trample on her without any hesitation. So, Nayatra wasn’t the only one he wanted in the Demon World. 
Anyhow, now was the time to contact the Erebos religion. 
Maybe he wouldn’t need to move first. 
‘It will be very helpful.’ 
Altesia wasn’t the only one who belonged to the Erebos church. There were many other talented people, such as the church’s ruler Floriodus and Antonios, the chief knight. 
Moreover, the Erebos church dispatched pilgrims throughout the Demon World. Their intelligence would help find Sektum, whose location was unknown. 
‘Okay, okay. I will pull them in one by one.’ 
In-gong was burning with ambition. 
“What were you thinking about so intently?” 
In-gong raised his head at Felicia’s voice. Amita had arrived at the entrance of the tent without him realizing it. As always, Daphne was accompanying them. 
“This Amita has finished!” 
Unlike the usual, their tail was waving in the air. so Amita seemed to be feeling quite good. 
Amita folded their arms proudly. After Amita, Daphne appeared, dressed in very colourful clothes, with orc soldiers who were carrying a few boxes. 
"Our pretty Daphne’s clothes are finished. It is a great piece of clothing which increases her affinity with the spirits. It contains defensive spells that I designed specifically.” 
Daphne laughed at Amita’s proud words and added, 
"It isn’t an exaggeration to say that every embroidery is a magic circle. Amita’s skill is really great.” 
"Well well. I guess so.” 
Daphne winked at everyone from behind Amita’s back. Everyone understood the meaning and kept silent to make Amita feel better. 
“Hrmm, next is the equipment for 8th Princess.” 
“Me?” 
"Yes, it was originally part of 9th Prince’s full set, but it will be given to you.” 
Amita responded to the excitement and pointed to the smallest box. Daphne opened the lid to reveal a pair of gauntlets. The part where the hand would be inserted was blue, while the metal part was silver. 
Unlike Earth Quaker which was tough and intense, these gauntlets were sophisticated and gave off a luxurious feel. 
Caitlin asked with shining eyes,
"Amita, can I try it?” 
"Of course. It is yours.” 
As soon as permission was given, Caitlin quickly pulled on the gauntlets. The dark clothes were slightly big, but they resized as soon as Caitlin put them on. 
“8th Princess is still growing up, so I added a resizing feature.” 
Amita started to recite the performance of the gauntlets like they were a professor. Caitlin listened to the explanation and laughed as she looked at In-gong. 
“Thank you, Shutra. I will use them well.” 
"I was the one who made it. Yes?” 
Amita pounded the ground with their tail, and Caitlin laughed before hugging them. With that, Amita felt better and started opening more boxes. There were two armour pieces belonging to Karma and Seira. 
Both were black due to the black dragon’s scales and leather, but the designs were quite different. 
Karma’s was a leather armour which clung to her body, while Seira’s was close to heavy armour with sharp edges. There were black metal plates attached which seemed to have a resizing function like Caitlin’s gauntlets. 
As Karma and Seira accepted the armour, Carack asked in a coy voice, 
"Raccoon, is mine ready yet?” 
"There is still a long way to go. Don’t I have many pieces? You should be satisfied since you were the first one to receive your shield!” 
Carack stepped back with a sullen expression. In-gong laughed and complimented Amita more. 
Three days later, they recaptured the fourth base the barbarians had abandoned. 
Then In-gong and Vandal faced each other; it was the day of the promised fight. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 134 - Chapter 23: Cross #4
Evian's winter wasn’t far away. Due to the influence of the limit line, the closer to the east it was, the colder the air would be. 
The fourth base was a mess. 
The barbarians hadn’t repaired the fourth base after occupying it because they hadn’t intended on staying for long. The walls were collapsed, and the smashed gate was literally on the ground. 
The moment the fourth base had been taken, the supplies warehouse had been burnt by the leader, so it was full of ashes. Nothing else could be found. 
It would have been great to see snow. There were no clouds in the sky, and the blowing wind was as cold and sharp as an ice blade. 
In-gong and Vandal left the base. There were many people who wanted to see the fight between the two, however, it wasn’t meant to be a spectacle in the first place. Moreover, the struggle could destroy the already shattered base. It was no exaggeration to say the strength of an advanced general was a moving disaster. 
The soldiers climbed up onto the walls and watched from a distance. Only the 9th Prince’s aide and the party of the princesses were allowed to accompany In-gong and Vandal. 
In-gong and Vandal stood facing each other in the wilderness. Evian was a wilderness, so it wasn’t necessary to choose a battlefield. 
Felicia, who had been anxious on the walk here, was at a loss. It was because General Vandal was fully armed, like this was a battle. 
“Excuse me, General Vandal. Is this really necessary?” 
Felicia asked in a strident voice as she looked nervously at Vandal, who seemed bigger than normal. Her eyes were shaken. 
Vandal liked Felicia. She was an upright person, so he wasn’t going to lie to give her comfort. 
"I have to do my best.” 
Vandal said softly as he stared in front of him. 20 meters away, Caitlin was standing beside In-gong with an anxious expression akin Felicia’s. 
"Do you really not need my help?” 
She didn’t mean for them to fight together. Caitlin was asking him to take advantage of the penta-core. 
In-gong shook his head. The penta-core was certainly a great force, but it couldn’t be established without Caitlin’s help. It didn’t fit in a fight against Vandal. 
"It's okay, this is a confrontation between Vandal and me.” 
It was a confrontation between only two people. If he was the In-gong who had encountered the orcs in the dwarf cave, he would have avoided the fight, rather than fight alone. When did he become so brave? 
‘It is because I have to become the demon king.’ 
He needed to become a person suitable for that position. 
In-gong smiled as he thought about it. Then In-gong heard a voice, which was just as restless as Caitlin’s, in his ears, 
‘Master, I can’t understand it. I am Master’s.’ 
White Eagle and Black Eagle wouldn’t be used. In-gong had Black Eagle removed, and only attached White Eagle lightly to his arm. 
In-gong refused to have Green Wind’s help. She wasn’t a tool like Earth Quaker or Night Watch, and In-gong wanted to fight by himself. 
Green Wind was grouchy from In-gong’s attitude and joined Caitlin. In-gong appreciated the worries of the two people, so he couldn’t help giving a small smile. 
Carack didn’t mutter any words. He just stood far away and gazed at In-gong with calm and trusting eyes. 
Felicia moved back so that only In-gong and Vandal were left. Vandal grinned awkwardly as he held the handle of a large battle hammer. 
"I predicted you would be strong, but I didn’t think it would happen within a few months.” 
In-gong recalled their first meeting. At that time, In-gong had found it hard to deal with Villager A, let alone an orc. 
However, it was different now. Everything had changed. 
“Isn’t this good?” 
In-gong mock shrugged, while Vandal laughed silently. 
In-gong’s growth was abnormal. It was even a surprise for Felicia, even though she knew the facts such as the dragon heart and Moonlight Core. 
Vandal didn’t know about such processes, but he didn’t question it. He had already made up his mind. 
"On that day, I was ready to die. Then Prince appeared in front of me.” 
Vandal had been caught by the pursuing barbarians. He had prepared for the end and dug deep into enemy territory. 
Vandal was about to say something, then he shook his head. Instead of clumsy words, he said, 
"I don’t know if you are possessed by a ghost. Anyway, I am unfamiliar with expressing my feelings with long words. I am grateful for your time.” 
Vandal raised his battle hammer. The steel-like muscles, revealed between the partial armour, swelled significantly. 
In-gong closed his eyes and refined his breathing. He formed fists and said lightly, 
“Shall we start?” 
“Let’s get started.” 
The next conversation would be with their fists. 
Vandal poured his battle cry into the sky. Instead of feeling fear, In-gong stood against the battle cry which seemed to rock the heavens and the earth. He released his breath and activated all the things he had prepared. 
The buff spells he had learnt from Green Wind, Felicia and Daphne wound around In-gong’s body, and sacred green flames rose from the Dragon Scale Greaves. 
Then his aura hearts... 
His aura revolved around the dragon heart and his two other hearts. The triple core swelled and produced a strong aura flow. 
However, that wasn’t all. 
A dragon heart wasn’t a heart with simple aura. 
The dragon heart—the symbol of a dragon—could be called a dragon’s essence. 
Powerful magic power sprang from the dragon heart. Separate from aura, it shone green as Ainkel’s symbol, and the dragon heart revolved aura and magic power. 
The effect was like a quad-core. Then one last thing was added, and the power of a dragon was pushed to the utmost limit. 
‘Dragon Blood.’ 
Not just the dragon heart, but all three of In-gong’s artifacts responded. Earth Quaker growled angrily while emitting a red and yellow glow. 
It was really a huge power. Faced with In-gong’s fearsome momentum, Vandal just laughed wildly and lifted his battle hammer. 
Felicia’s eyes closed tightly like she couldn’t watch anymore, while Caitlin and Green Wind held hands. 
Carack just laughed. As In-gong and Vandal rushed at each other, Carack spoke in a quiet voice, 
"Win.” 
He didn’t say anything more. Carack then formed a fist and gazed at In-gong. He remembered the moment when he had shouted, ‘Faster than the wind!’. 
Finally, In-gong and Vandal clashed, and the roar shook the heavens and the earth.
& 
In-gong spread out on the ground. His flaccid limbs spread out like a squid, but he didn’t feel like moving. No, it didn’t make sense. 
In-gong was lying in a tent which was set up in the middle of the fourth base. Carack was sitting next to him. 
"So, why did you act so recklessly.” 
Carack clicked his tongue and covered In-gong with a blanket. In-gong moaned and said,
"Victory. I wanted to win.” 
He hadn’t expected to level up. 
Although he defeated Vandal, it wasn’t reflected properly in the experience. 
Carack clicked his tongue again. Even now, he could see In-gong’s last reckless attack when he closed his eyes. 
Surprisingly, In-gong had allowed Vandal to strike him, and he hadn’t avoided it. In order to counterattack, In-gong had taken the brunt of Vandal’s attack. 
Even more surprisingly, he had managed to endure it. The magic shield and aura barrier he created had been shattered with a loud sound, but he had been able to withstand Vandal’s left fist. Then In-gong had dealt the final blow on Vandal and won. 
In the dream the Lucid Dream Pillow created, In-gong had experienced 32 deaths, and In-gong learnt many things from those deaths. 
So far, In-gong had poured most of his additional points into strength. However, this time he spent a lot of points on durability as well as practicing a one-point aura defense. 
For In-gong, the thing he was lacking most in was defense. 
He couldn’t rely solely on Green Wind to steer White Eagle. He didn’t forget that he had been driven to the brink of death by a single strike from the barbarian king. 
He would have invested in agility, but this wasn’t a game. To In-gong, this was all reality. 
Vandal was a rather arduous opponent for In-gong. In order to win against such an opponent, he needed to gamble. In-gong strengthened his weakness and endured Vandal’s hit instead of evading. 
The result was a great success. 
Moreover, it wasn’t just his defense. 
He had done it without activating the quad-core he shared with Caitlin. It was a true blend of aura and magic. 
It was still incomplete, but he was sure the direction he was moving in wasn’t wrong. It was in the distant future, but he would someday be able to add divine power and psychic power as well. 
"Your eyes are burning with ambition again.” 
Carack laughed at In-gong. 
"It is that obvious?” 
“It is obvious. It is just burning.” 
Carack said with a smirk before looking at In-gong’s condition again. Thanks to Felicia using recovery magic while she cried, In-gong’s injuries were already better. The problem was the excessive use of aura and the exhaustion of his spirit. 
It was at that moment that Carack got up suddenly. He looked at someone large who was approaching from a distance. 
"Prince, it is General Vandal.” 
In-gong also saw Vandal in the mini-map. Dressed in leather pants, Vandal entered into In-gong’s tent and sat down next to the entrance. 
“Prince.” 
"You came.” 
In-gong was lying down. Looking at their appearances, Vandal was the winner and In-gong was the loser. 
However, In-gong was the victor of the battle. Vandal touched his belly and said.
"That was a nice blow. My stomach hurts even now.” 
"My whole body is hurting.” 
Vandal laughed at In-gong’s words. Then he looked In-gong up and down and said, 
"As Prince knows, I am an advanced general of the Demon King’s Palace. It is a position that I can’t just leave.” 
The ten advanced generals of the Demon King’s Palace were pillars which maintained the army. It wasn’t a place that just anyone could rise to or simply quit after having attained it. 
"But if Prince ever calls, I will run to Prince.” 
Vandal said in a gentle voice, before turning his head and coughing suddenly. 
"Really. I’ve never spoken like this to anyone, even females.” 
Carack refrained from laughing, while In-gong smiled calmly and waited for Vandal’s next words. 
Vandal sighed and looked back at In-gong. 
"But I have to say it. I want to fight with Prince. I want to run behind Prince once more.” 
It wasn’t just because In-gong had won against Vandal. Vandal had already had the idea before today’s spar. 
"On that day... I thought so when I saw Prince’s back. I decided so.” 
That day, he had been ready to die. 
Then at that moment, he saw the back of a king. 
“It is tricky. Will this be enough?” 
Vandal turned his attention to In-gong, who understood Vandal’s thoughts. In-gong forced his body upwards and said,
"It is more than enough. Then, I will appoint you.” 
Carack helped In-gong stand in front of Vandal, who naturally bowed to In-gong. Due to his size, Vandal was still eye-level with In-gong, but that didn’t matter. 
In-gong stretched out his hands toward Vandal... 
And Vandal was appointed as the fifth knight. 
& 
Zephyr raised his head and looked toward the south-east. He felt a pain in his heart, but it was just a short pain. 
There was a hellish scene before Zephyr. Hundreds of bodies were on the ground, and the bodies were all destroyed. 
Zephyr felt the movement of magic power. It was a magic which insulted the living and harassed the dead. Even shattered body parts were joined together again. 
All of it was flowing from the heart of one man on the ground. The man, whose legs had been cut off by Zephyr, was still breathing naturally. 
Necromancer Sektum... 
The name was unknown, but Zephyr wasn’t stupid enough to miss the jewel before him. 
Zephyr stood in front of Sektum, who had pale blonde hair and a pale face. Sektum’s blue eyes were filled with horror and terror toward Zephyr. 
Zephyr stabbed a knife each in both of Sektum’s shoulders. Then he forcefully inscribed the subordinate magic on the forehead of Sektum, who thrashed and moaned with pain. 
It was a somewhat rough method, but it couldn’t be helped since he had no time. 
After completely subduing Sektum, Zephyr looked toward the north. He could feel gazes looking at him from ridiculously far away. 
Death and War...  
There were things which could not be expressed. 
Zephyr raised his sword and filled it with magic power. He blocked the eyes which were looking at him from a distance and lifted Sektum with telekinesis. 
Once again, he looked toward the south-east. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 135 - Chapter 24: Torrent
Humans were weak. 
If one looked at them, one would see there were many missing parts. 
The gandharva and elves were beautiful and had long lives. The sura and draconians were powerful, while the ogres had superhuman strength. As for the lycanthropes and orcs—they were unmatched in toughness. 
On the other hand, humans didn’t have any of that. 
They didn’t have long lives like many species in the Demon World. Their innate bodies were fragile, and no matter how strong they were, it was impossible for them to cope with an ogre. Humans didn’t even have the strength to face an orc, let alone a lycanthrope. 
However, half of the world was dominated by humans. Humans were also the species with the largest number of individuals in the world. 
They were smarter than orcs and ogres, stronger than elves and boasted a mighty breeding capacity which surpassed the gandarva and the sura. 
That wasn’t all. 
There were many variants which could appear, and sometimes special existences could be born in the Human World. 
An existence that went beyond human limitations... 
He was the one who shone among the numerous human beings. 
The pinnacle of humanity—he was a person who was closer to a god than anyone else. 
A human sword and shield... 
People called him a hero. 
& 
Five days had passed since In-gong recaptured the fourth base. 
They started the reconstruction at the fourth base, which had been partially destroyed by the barbarians. The tasks were to rebuild the collapsed walls and install a new gate. 
The materials and supplies which came from Takar were piled up in the base. Evian’s real winter was coming soon, so they had to hurry. If they missed the timing, they might have to stop the reconstruction of the gate. 
However, they couldn’t concentrate comfortably on the construction work. Vandal led troops out daily to patrol the limit line. It was hard to imagine the barbarians, who had lost more than 10,000 troops and a barbarian king, would cross the line again, but there was still a chance. The army was a group which existed for this reason. 
Kaparang and Alita were working hard, and In-gong had nothing to do because Vandal was in charge of the patrols. However, In-gong didn’t stay idle. He sparred with Caitlin every day and also worked hard to study magic with Felicia. Now was the time for him to become a true magic warrior. 
"Don’t talk about this, especially to Prince Silvan.” 
"What about Silvan hyung?” 
"Do you have to ask?” 
In-gong nodded at Carack’s sincere advice and stored the words ‘magic warrior’ in his mind. 
Two more days passed. Amita completed Delia’s armour, and the gate was re-installed at the fourth base. As a result of the patrols, Vandal was able to find the barbarians who were in hiding, so he was satisfied. 
Nayatra had some achievements as well. 
"The results of the interrogation have emerged.” 
Nayatra had questioned the barbarian warriors for a week. The barbarian king had already been defeated, but there were still many things he needed to know. 
In particular, In-gong considered the transformation of the barbarian king to be noteworthy. 
How had he united the barbarians without the Dragon King’s Golden Helmet? Additionally, since when had he been able to use the power of War? 
General soldiers wouldn’t know this. It was impossible for them to figure out the whole picture. However, there was one person he could learn all of this from: 
Paratus, the brother of the barbarian king. 
During the battle at Takar, In-gong couldn’t afford capture Paratus. Paratus was strong, and In-gong was exhausted from his battle with the barbarian king. 
However, In-gong wasn’t the only one present at Takar. The barbarian king had died, and Vandal’s troops hadn’t missed Paratus as they rushed from behind. 
After being captured, Paratus had attempted to escape, commit suicide and then keep his mouth shut in front of Nayatra. In-gong didn’t know what Nayatra had done, but she succeeded in opening Paratus’ mouth. 
‘What is her method of interrogation?’ 
He couldn’t imagine that Nayatra would use cruel torture methods. Was it the enchantment magic of a succubus? 
“Your Highness?” 
Nayatra asked from in front of In-gong. He flinched with surprise and waved his hands. 
“No, it is nothing. Paratus is in the prison?” 
"Yes, do you want to meet him?” 
In-gong nodded at Nayatra’ question. It seemed Nayatra didn’t want to take In-gong into the prison. 
"Are there any problems in the prison?” 
The quick Carack asked sharply. Nayatra’s eyes narrowed but because she was in front of In-gong, she corrected her expression and spoke in a calm voice.
“There are no problems in the prison. The state of the captives isn’t bad. Just...” 
"Just?" 
“That... I am a little embarrassed.” 
Nayatra replied with a slightly red face. In-gong could only say one thing in response to her reaction,
"Please.” 
“I understand. I will come with you.” 
In response, Nayatra took the lead, and In-gong and Carack entered the dungeon behind her. 
Unlike the exterior walls, the dungeon was fine. It was an underground facility, so the barbarians hadn’t felt the need to destroy it. 
‘Surprisingly clean.’ 
Although it was underground, it didn’t seem extremely dirty. There were barbarian prisoners hanging from the walls of the prison cells. 
"The prisoners only have a meal once every two days. Starving them leads to less trouble.” 
Carack spoke in a small voice from his position next to In-gong. Although it was quite inhumane, In-gong didn’t complain. In the first place, this was the Demon World. It was better than torturing them. 
"This way." 
Paratus was stuck in solitary confinement. As a big iron door was opened, he saw Paratus sitting on a chair, tied up with chains. 
"His spirit is gone.” 
Carack said as he saw the blank expression Paratus was making. Nayatra muttered in a small voice, 
"I enchanted him with magic. Now, he will answer any of Your Highness’ questions.” 
It seemed like she was ashamed of the fact she had bewitched Paratus with enchantment magic. Enchantment magic was a characteristic of the succubus species, so what was so embarrassing about it? 
Instead of asking her, In-gong approached Paratus to question him. The replies came straight away just as Nayatra said. 
It wasn’t surprising that Paratus knew more than any of the other barbarians. 
The barbarian king had been able to unite the barbarians because he had been strong. That was the best answer Paratus could come up with. However, the useful part was the information about War. 
"A person came from the south and passed some things onto my brother. They were a very questionable stranger, but my brother admired them.” 
They wore a large red cloak over red armour, and it was impossible to tell if they were a male or female. 
They appeared six months ago. It wasn’t a short period of time, so that person could have moved anywhere in the Demon World by now. 
"The stranger left for the north. They didn’t go back to the south.” 
This was all Paratus knew. There was no other useful information. 
'A person in red armour.’ 
It had to be the War Knight, or an Apostle of War like the barbarian king. 
However, the most worrisome thing was that the red person had come from the south. Just like the barbarians beyond the Eastern Limit Line, the south was the Human World.
Had the War Knight come from the south? 
There was a very good chance of that. There was no law that the Four Knights of the Apocalypse had to come out of the Demon World. 
However, who were they? Would they be a powerhouse of the Human World, perhaps just like Gerard? 
In-gong worried about it, but the answer didn’t come out. Then In-gong stopped thinking about that and left the cell. 
"Good job.” 
He didn’t forget to praise Nayatra, who smiled with red cheeks. 
“Thank you.” 
She replied gracefully. It was a beautiful smile, and In-gong sensed a gap between the Nayatra of Knight Saga and the Nayatra before him now. The Nayatra of Knight Saga would never smile like she was doing now and was called an ice cold knight. 
Was it due to the slavery? Or did her attitude harden because of Zephyr? 
'Well, it doesn’t matter since I’m in a good condition right now.’ 
There was still a lot to be addressed, but it seemed like his relationship with Nayatra was quite good. 
'Although it was forced... I am grateful for her support.’ 
In-gong sighed with relief as he looked at Nayatra. Then Nayatra, who was sneaking a glance at In-gong, quickly bowed her head. 
"Well, I feel quite bad.” 
Carack’s complaint was ignored as they left the dungeon, and someone came running up to them. It was Delia. 
“Your Highness.” 
She had rushed and was out of breath. In-gong ignored Carack, who was smiling at Delia, and asked her, 
“What’s going on?” 
"6th Princess says there is an urgent message.” 
“Felicia noona?” 
"She might need to leave Evian for a while. The princess is waiting for Prince in your office.” 
In-gong needed to listen to the details of this story, so he sent Nayatra back and moved hastily with Carack and Delia. 
& 
“Silvan contacted me. I think he needs my help.” 
Felicia sat on the desk in the office In-gong was using. After she finished speaking, In-gong approached the desk and asked, 
"Is there a problem on Silvan hyung’s side?” 
“Well, a little? It isn’t a big deal. He was tracking down a few ruins, and it seems like he has found a site. He needs my help as a ruins expert.” 
In-gong thought about Silvan’s region. If he found something, it was likely In-gong already knew about it. 
‘There wasn’t anything dangerous.’ 
He couldn’t think of anything dangerous in that area. 
Felicia saw In-gong’s worried look and said, 
“You don’t have to worry. It is just an excuse to look around because I want to see it.” 
In-gong thought about Silvan and Felicia’s words and was convinced. Felicia jumped off the desk and said,
"It is unlikely the barbarians will come back again, and Evian’s defense has now stabilized somewhat. Can I go help Silvan for a while?” 
In-gong was in charge at Evian. Despite also being a royal child, Felicia needed In-gong’s permission to leave Evian. 
In-gong nodded without any worries. 
“I understand. Instead, be careful. Please contact me if something happens. I’ll run over straight away.” 
"Yes, faster than the wind?” 
Felicia winked, and In-gong nodded with a somewhat red face. He was embarrassed about the slogan he had come up with. 
Felicia laughed at In-gong’s expression. 
"Okay, I’ll just tell you something else.” 
Felicia reached out to In-gong’s neck and pulled out the Tears of a Dark Elf hanging there. 
"Shutra, do you know why I gave you the Tears of a Dark Elf?” 
It was a gift Felicia had given to In-gong as a reward for his actions during the Red Lightning tribe mission. Felicia rotated her hand to show In-gong a ring. 
"The Tears of a Dark Elf is actually a set of a ring and a necklace. If one of the owners is in a serious crisis, the other one will become aware of it." 
It was the first time he had heard this story. In Knight Saga, he had only been able to get his hands on the necklace after knocking down Felicia. 
However, Felicia just waved her hands at his doubts and said, 
"So far, I have been right next to Shutra. Of course, it wouldn’t have worked.” 
It made a lot of sense. The only time he had been in a crisis without Felicia being there was when he fought Mustafa. After that, Felicia was always with him. 
"I gave you the Tears of a Dark Elf to pay off my debt. If Shutra’s in danger, I will show up and rescue you.” 
That was the true reason why Felicia had given him the Tears of a Dark Elf. 
"Maybe this time, there will be a chance to repay the debt.” 
"Hey, isn’t it more likely that Noona will be in a crisis?” 
"Let's see?” 
Felicia laughed as she covered her face with a fan and knocked against In-gong’s shoulders. 
"Please look after Caitlin.” 
"Tell Silvan hyung to look after Noona as well.” 
Felicia made a dissatisfied face at In-gong’s words. 
"Anyway, I’ve received permission from the leader of the Evian mission. Then I will leave now.” 
"Right now?" 
“Yes, there is no reason to delay. And you don’t have to see me off. I’ve decided to go to Takar with Caitlin. She is already at the gate.” 
As she said this, Felicia was already prepared to leave. In-gong was dumbfounded and asked with narrow eyes, 
"Excuse me, did you even need my permission?” 
Felicia just laughed instead of answering. She hugged In-gong and said,
“I am going, Shutra.” 
"Go well, Felicia.” 
Felicia pinched In-gong’s cheeks and left the room. As always, she moved with light and elegant steps. 
In-gong looked at her back and said quietly, 
"Will nothing really happened?" 
He didn’t have a foreboding or ominous feeling, so nothing should happen. 
Carack blinked at In-gong’s words and asked him, 
"Prince, is this really okay? Should Princess really leave Prince? Is there really no ominous hint?” 
"Why are you doing this? Don’t jinx things.” 
Both of them were joking around. In-gong moved to the window of the office and gazed outside. He saw Felicia leaving the building. 
‘Take care of your body.’ 
In-gong gave a short prayer as he gazed at the back of Felicia, who was leaving the fourth base. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 136 - Chapter 24: Torrent #2
The vacancy left by Felicia was rather large. Since the beginning, Felicia had been the atmosphere maker in In-gong’s groups, and now, she had left. 
When Felicia left, Delia naturally went with her, while Caitlin and Seira had accompanied Felicia to Takar. Four people had suddenly gone away. 
The first day after the four people left, the fourth base was pretty dull. However, the loneliness doubled on the second day. 
On the third day, In-gong felt Felicia’s importance. 
‘I relied on her more than I thought.’ 
It was a spiritual, rather than material, dependence. He had never imagined their relationship would become this deep when he first encountered her at the Red Lightning tribe. 
Looking back now, he was fortunate to meet Felicia. 
In-gong had won up to now, but when he looked closely, there were several crises which had almost killed him several times. He had been on the verge of death from one strike in the battle against the barbarian king. 
Since he had been brought into this world, he had been struggling repeatedly. In the meantime, he had been able to maintain his sanity thanks to having many good people around him. 
Thanks to them, he had been encouraged to fight and set his own goals. 
If there had been no one around, the result would be quite different even with the power of Protagonist Correction and Conquest. Maybe he would have already lost his life. 
"Why are you so despondent?” 
Carack asked as he approached In-gong. In-gong watched Carack with moist eyes and said, 
"No, I was just thinking that Carack is valuable. Don’t leave my side. We will always be together, right?” 
He stood on tiptoe to touch Carack’s shoulder, only for Carack to move back in surprise. 
"Why, are you drunk?” 
"Hey, this is between us.” 
In-gong looked up with moist eyes and winked. Then Carack suddenly puffed out and said with a determined face, 
“Hu, if it is an order then it can’t be helped. And well, towards Prince, I too...” 
Carack winked slightly. In-gong was startled and jumped back. He covered his upper body, which was naked due to training, with both his hands. 
“S-stay away. You! This is somewhat questionable.” 
Carack seemed unaware of Delia, Seira, Daphne and Karma, so maybe he had some dangerous tastes. 
Carack chuckled at In-gong’s disgust. 
“A joke, a joke. And don’t worry. I will always be loyal until I am a corpse. I will be with you until the end.” 
Carack declared and raised his fist. They weren’t empty words, so In-gong understood Carack’s mindset. Carack had already proved his sincerity when they faced the Apostle of Death at Thunderdoom Fortress. 
Despite the fact that death had been in front of him, Carack said he had enjoyed it instead of expressing any grudges or fear. It was clearly something not just anyone could do. 
"Rather, what are you doing alone?” 
Carack interrupted while In-gong was in a sea of appreciation. In-gong shrugged and replied, 
"Well, I was training. It isn’t my usual training.” 
It was truly like In-gong said. He had spent most of the day grinding his experience. In-gong normally practiced reading and writing dwarf and dragon characters before going to sleep. 
'But it is interesting.’ 
The performance of this training was immediately visible. Moreover, there was a need for repetitive training. The skill itself was very easy to learn, but the skill level was always at one. Repetition was necessary to make it usable. 
In-gong had been practicing mixing aura and magic power together. Carack made a tired expression. 
"Ah, this person is truly determined, truly. Prince is destined to become stronger, but Prince is already very strong. It is the first time in my life that I’ve seen someone train like Prince.” 
It wasn’t a joke. Even if someone else had gotten all the artifacts, they wouldn’t be as strong as In-gong was today. 
While Carack was thinking this, In-gong looked at his arms. Something had flashed in his mind. 
"Prince?" 
Rather than answering Carack’s call, In-gong sharpened his aura like a blade, and his arm became bloody. Carack’s eyes widened as he saw In-gong lick the blood flowing along his arm. 
“Ah, delicious. It is really delicious.” 
Carack stepped back as In-gong laughed. It was a big exaggerated, but the green skin had turned pale. 
"Prince, my eyes have been opened. Somehow, you laugh every time you face death.” 
"Stop talking nonsense and try it once.” 
In-gong took a wine glass from his inventory and poured in some blood for Carack. Carack grimaced, but he soon drank the blood and his eyes widened from surprise. 
"What on earth is going on?" 
It was really tasty. It didn’t have the salty taste of blood, but was somewhat sweet. Moreover, the fragrance was incredibly good. 
In-gong healed his wound with recovery magic. 
"There is a story about the gandharva being a fragrant species. Yesterday, I accidentally ate some of my sweat while practicing magic yesterday... No, it wasn’t a sweaty taste and instead gave off a sweet taste. So, I melted the magic power in my blood. The result is what you tasted.” 
Carack blinked with a stunned face at In-gong’s words. He didn’t understand. 
In-gong continued to speak,
"My other bodily fluids, which contain magic power, are sweet... The easiest liquid to dissolve is magic power since that is the essence of life.” 
"Uh, then everything from Prince’s body is delicious?” 
Not just blood, but saliva and sweat as well? 
In-gong nodded at Carack’s question. 
"Yes, but I have to melt down the magic power. It isn’t inherently like this, but I think it is pretty good. It might be because my magic power has become stronger due to the dragon heart.” 
The blood of the gandharva wasn’t sweet. The gandharva, who could produce blood like In-gong, were rare in the Demon World. 
"Now, you will never have to go hungry.” 
In-gong nodded again at Carack’s words. 
"Yes, so please look after me well. Take care of me until I am old.” 
"I believe only in Prince.” 
Carack smiled and handed the glass back to In-gong. He hesitated for a moment before opening his mouth carefully, 
"Prince, that... someday. Are you going to visit the gandharva?” 
In-gong’s mother’s side was the gandharva. 
According to Carack’s investigation, the gandarva were being punished as a whole. All the gandharva, adults and children, with the exception of In-gong, were confined in a gandharva holy land within the Demon World. 
Carack had failed to figure out the sin the gandharvas were guilty of, however, the species had been imprisoned for more than a decade. So, it wasn’t a small sin. 
However, it was likely to not be a sin which couldn’t be forgiven. Otherwise, the official children of the demon king would be eight people, not nine. 
In-gong didn’t have sentimental feelings toward the gandharva. It was also true for In-gong’s mother. He had no relationship with them like what he had with Felicia and Caitlin. 
However, still, he did feel something. Was it due to In-gong becoming Shutra, or due to a resonance with his mother’s side? 
In-gong gave a long sigh and replied, 
“Perhaps. It would be best if I could obtain amnesty for them.” 
Chris and 4th Queen Elaine had talked about the possibility of the gandharva being pardoned. If the two people said so, then it was highly likely it could happen. 
"It won’t be easy.” 
"Well, it isn’t impossible. I just have to build up my merits steadily.” 
In-gong smiled widely, and Carack clenched his fists. 
“Have strength.” 
 “Yes.” 
After sharing a smile, In-gong felt awkward and moved his gaze away. He looked out the window where it was snowing. 
"The year is almost over.” 
Carack said with a warm expression. The Demon World was wide, so snow didn’t signify the end of the year. However, it was clear that the year was almost ending. Now, there was only a month until Year 513 would begin. 
Year 513, this was when Knight Saga began. 
In-gong looked toward the south. 
What was Locke doing now? Was he studying to become a priest at the temple? 
Locke had started his activities in the summer of Year 514. That was still more than a year away. 
In-gong turned his attention back to the window. The snow was piling up. 
& 
As soon as she stepped out of the transportation formation tower, Felicia saw Silvan. 
Silvan narrowed the distance to Felicia while spreading his arms and cried out, 
“Felicia! Come into Oppa’s arms. Won’t you give me your sweet scent?” 
Silvan spoke with moist eyes. The prince of the dark elves had a very handsome face, and his voice was sweet. 
However, for Felicia, his voice was just creepy. Felicia quickly pushed Silvan away with her arms. 
"Ah, come on!” 
She felt like she was going to die of embarrassment every time she saw him. Didn’t he care about the eyes around them? 
Felicia gasped with a blushing face while Sepira, Silvan’s aide, spoke with a gentle smile. 
"It is okay, Your Highness. The only ones around right now are crew members of the Black Flame Dragon. Everyone is familiar with him.” 
"Is it really okay? And don’t get used to this!” 
Felicia shouted, but everyone just laughed. Of course, some of them were staring at her with pitiful expressions. 
Felicia took a deep breath and covered her face with a fan. She fanned herself a few times before asking Silvan, 
"Well, what did you find?” 
Instead of answering the question, Silvan’s shoulders sagged, and he made a sad expression. Before the puppy eyes, Felicia sighed eventually. 
“Ah, really. I understand. Come over here.” 
She gestured for Silvan to approach. Felicia hugged Silvan lightly, and he gave her a bright smile. 
"Are you healthy?” 
"I'm in good health. There were few risky incidents.” 
Despite the situation with the barbarians, Felicia was rarely on the front lines. This was because in almost all the battles, she had fainted due to the use of the recovery magic. 
“How has Silvan been?” 
As Felicia asked with interest, Silvan laughed and pulled out the sword Amita made him. 
"Huhu, there were a few powerful creatures, but none of them were my match. The sword which contains Amita’s skill and Felicia’s love...” 
"Silence.” 
Felicia closed Silvan’s mouth with silencing magic and turned to Sepira. 
“Sepira?” 
"There were many small battles but no major dangers. Princess seems to have gained a big merit this time. You stopped the barbarians?” 
"Well, I didn’t do it alone. Shutra has the biggest merit.” 
Felicias said with embarrassment while covering her face with a fan. Sepira looked very satisfied with Felicia’s reaction, which was very different from Silvan’s. 
"Your Highness, we managed to find the site of a ruin. It is a ruin that I have seen for the first time. The strong scent of magic power could be felt at the entrance.” 
"The scent of magic power?” 
"Moreover, the characters found at the entrance are quite impressive. Maybe those characters... they might be the same as the ones found in Kaltein’s lair under Sun Lake.” 
Sepira had accompanied In-gong’s party at that time, so it was a credible story. 
"Indeed, you were right to call me, especially if there are unknown characters.” 
Felicia’s eyes started to burn with passion as she heard the words. Then Silvan, who released the silencing magic, once again spread his arms wide open. 
“Now, Felicia. Won’t you run off to a world of adventure with Oppa?” 
"I’ll walk without running.” 
Felicia answered bluntly, and Silvan laughed. He looked at the crew members in the vicinity and shouted, 
"Now, let’s depart! Lift up the anchor and spread the sails!” 
Silvan and the crew members ran toward the Black Flame Dragon. Felicia laughed as she saw their backs, and she moved forward slowly. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 137 - Chapter 24: Torrent #3
The ruin Silvan discovered was located deep inside a dense forest. Karamis, the area Silvan defended, was located to the south-east of the Demon World and was in contact with the Great Desert, one of the buffer zones to the Human World. 
As the name suggested, the Great Desert was an incredibly large desert area. Despite its proximity to the desert, Karamis was a land rich in green vegetation due to the abnormal climate caused by the unique magic lines in the Demon World. 
The Black Flame Dragon flew slowly for an hour or two before landing in an open area in the middle of the forest. The arrangement of the trees looked unnatural, like it was an artificially created landing point. 
“Beyond that is the entrance to the ruins. It was so well hidden that I wouldn’t have found it if it wasn’t for a coincidence.” 
Sepira said as she spread out the stairs for descending from the Black Flame Dragon. Silvan had already jumped down. 
"How did you find it?” 
Felicia asked while gazing at Silvan’s back. 
Sepira laughed awkwardly. 
"Someone was hit by a creature and fell to the entrance of the ruins. It was a deep well-like entrance.” 
It was a fun story, but Felicia thought otherwise. She frowned and asked, 
"That person, are they okay?” 
“Yes, relatively. Their shoulders and neck are stiff though.” 
Sepira laughed awkwardly again, and Felicia understood why Sepira’s ears were red throughout the story. 
‘No, she didn’t want to talk about this in the first place.’ 
When she thought about it, the story shouldn’t be amusing, and any desire to laugh soon disappeared. 
At that moment, the staircase was opened completely. Felicia was already jumping down and hurried to catch up with Silvan. Once she arrived at the entrance, she understood why Sepira emphasized it had been an accident. 
The entrance to the ruin was hidden very well. No, if she had come across it, she would have thought it was just a deep pit. 
A circular passage with a diameter of approximately 1.5 meters was drilled vertically akin to a well. The earth was bumpy, like it had been formed naturally, and clumps of bushes were surrounding the entrance. 
Felicia knelt on the edge and looked inside the hole while sniffing it. There was a faint but clear scent. A place where magic power was concentrated gave off a good smell. 
“It is true. There is the scent of magic power.” 
That wasn’t all. There was a soft glow inside the deep hole, and the light was leaking from the inside. 
As Felicia looked carefully, Silvan quickly held out a hand. 
“Now, Felicia. Please embrace Oppa. I will jump in.” 
Silvan laughed while Felicia, who pulled back reflexively, cast a magic spell. 
"Levitation.” 
Felicia dropped down slowly into the hole, while Silvan’s shoulders sagged with disappointment. After falling almost 12 meters, a large passage was visible. It was a very old passage, but it gave off an artificial feel. 
After the two of them went down, Sepira, Delia and the five crew members went down as well. Felicia preferred exploring ruins with a small, elite group since large numbers was just cumbersome. 
There were two lights in the passage. One was a dim light which seemed to leak from deep inside, while the other was a pale light coming from little stones embedded in the ceiling. 
It was very pretty, but it was hard to proceed with the exploration with this lighting. Felicia pulled out a stick with a brilliant light at the end of it which she had prepared in advance. They were in a large crypt which reminded her of the ones she had seen during the Red Lightning tribe subjugation. 
Silvan’s group had already explored the first floor, so they hurried on. After arriving at a place which was like a central hall, the unknown characters Sepira had mentioned were revealed for the first time. 
"Indeed, they really are like the characters I saw. Maybe... the legend might be true?” 
Felicia said as she looked at the letters carved on the high ceilings, floor and walls. The confused Sepira asked, 
“Your Highness, the legend?” 
As always, curious questions pleased Felicia, and she responded by spreading her knowledge. 
"After going to Kaltein’s lair last time, I did some research. However, I didn’t have time to study a lot since the departure time was so tight.” 
It wasn’t just Shutra who had investigated after returning to the Demon King’s Palace. 
Felicia looked at the characters and said again, 
"In fact, this wasn’t something I found out through research. It is a story I picked up while investigating ruins.” 
There was a question mark above Sepira’s head. Felicia laughed and asked Sepira a new question, 
"Sepira, how much do you know about the history of the Demon King’s Palace?” 
"I know it was created 500 years ago.” 
This year was obviously Year 512. 
Felicia stretched and said,
“Yes, only 500 years. Before that, the Era of Struggle was only approximately 3,000 years.” 
The Era of Struggle referred to the time before the demon king, when all species had been at war with each other. 
The Demon World of that time was no different than what was beyond the limit line. Every day, a cruel war occurred. 
"Then what type of civilization was there in the old days?” 
Before the Era of Struggle—
The distant past before the Thunderdoom Fortress was built... 
"We don’t know. No matter how far back the records of the dark elves go, it is only up to 6,000~7,000 years. It isn’t an exaggeration to say we don’t know much about the civilizations and how the species lived before that time.” 
7,000 years was indeed a long time for the dark elves. Sepira counted in her head for a while before her long ears extended. 
"Your Highness, if it was 7,000 years ago... wouldn’t it have been hard to have a proper civilization?” 
The dark elves had also been different 7,000 years ago, and they had been primitive in many ways. 
Felicia nodded. 
“The majority of people think like that. They think it was a time without a proper country, where the species just fought in tribal units. But I don’t think so. If there hadn’t been a flourishing civilization in those days, we shouldn’t be able to find their traces after they have long since perished.” 
It was much older than 7,000 years ago. Maybe it was a past that went back even more years. 
"We call this legend the indigenous species. Although there is little evidence, I think it makes sense.” 
Felicia said with a smile. Sepira looked at the characters engraved on the floor. 
"Your Highness, do these characters belong to the indigenous species?” 
"Let’s see, should we find out from now on?” 
Felicia responded with a laugh. 
& 
From the north, he headed to the south. 
His steps were slow but steady. 
Day and night passed, until he reached a place where the greenery was thick—a land called Karamis in the Demon World. 
& 
Felicia finished her survey of the first floor and headed to the second underground floor. The second floor was significantly different from the first floor. As the crypt continued, spaces appeared which could be thought of as rooms, but they had no special structure. 
The smell of magic power leaking from deep within the dungeon became stronger, and the ceiling light was brighter than the first floor’s. 
Like the first floor, the second floor had a simple structure, so the exploration time was quick. 
Felicia headed toward the third floor. 
& 
He stepped into Karamis, and his footsteps became a little bit faster. 
& 
The structure of the third floor was simpler than the second floor’s. It was just a large room with high ceilings and stairs leading to the fourth floor. 
The ceiling light became brighter and the scent of magic power stronger. 
Felicia was deep in thought as she copied all the characters on the wall. 
It had been quite a while since they entered the ruin. Even if they hurried, it would be completely dark by the time they left the ruin. 
So, it would be good to return to a safe place on the second floor and take a break. 
However, there was still a little bit more time. Every time they went down the stairs, the structure became simpler. 
They could continue going downward. 
Silvan said he would follow Felicia’s will as always. After a short moment of agonizing, Felicia descended the stairs leading to the fourth underground floor. 
& 
It was late at night. 
Silvan’s crew members, who were guarding the entrance of the ruin, set up fires and strengthened the perimeter. 
Strong magic power had a strong attraction for creatures. They didn’t know if the magic power leaking from the entrance of the ruins would tempt any creatures. 
Since Silvan and Sepira were away, the first officer, Tirion, was in charge of security. He watched the darkness with a cigarette in his mouth. Then the sound of rustling disturbed his ears. 
Tirion turned his eyes toward the sound. 
& 
The third and fourth floors were completely different. It was clearly a more complex space than the first floor. The ruin was enormous. 
Why did this site exist? And why was there nothing in such a huge space? Despite the rich magic power, even the smallest creature couldn’t be seen. 
Thanks to the light from the ceiling, the inside of the ruin was like daylight, and Felicia was determined to go deeper. 
& 
The clouds hid the moon, and in the darkness, he moved forward. There were clear signs of his passing. 
All those who guarded the entrance to the ruin had disappeared. 
The process by which the crew members died had been different, but the result was the same. Tirion’s body was deprived of life and his body crushed. 
Everything in his path turned to dust. He took a step forward. Recalling the memories from 1,000 years ago, He took a deep breath, and the fragrance of magic power hit his nose. 
"Drain.” 
The man said. 
He ordered it as the Famine Knight. 
& 
The ceiling light weakened momentarily. 
Felicia looked up at the ceiling reflexively. 
Silvan turned around. His uncovered left eye narrowed as he stared in a certain direction. 
The air had changed. It was something which couldn’t be expressed. 
Felicia sensed it as well. It was a gut instinct. 
Someone was approaching from afar. 
“Shutra.” 
Felicia looked at the Tears of a Dark Elf on her finger as darkness swallowed up the ruin. 
& 
In-gong opened his eyes. He raised his upper body, gasping for air like he’d had a nightmare. He looked reflexively at the Tears of a Dark Elf hanging on his neck and stood up suddenly. 
The purple Tears of a Dark Elf had lost its light. There was no glimmer left at all. 
Why? 
In-gong didn’t think any further and called out to White Eagle. 
& 
Coincidence and inevitability— 
They were a tangled mess. 
The Death Knight looked toward the south. 
The War Knight felt the tide of conflict. 
Too far away... 
There wasn’t much time. 
The Famine Knight raised his foot at the entrance of the ruin. 
He took a step inside. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 138 - Chapter 25: Opening
In-gong’s mind was blank. Before it recovered, In-gong was already crossing the air on White Eagle. 
The wind blew around him, and just like the saying, he flew faster than the wind. 
Maybe he was too hasty. In-gong felt anxious after seeing the Tears of a Dark Elf, but it was just the light which had been lost. There was a possibility that one of its feature was simply broken. 
However, he couldn’t not consider it. Felicia was far away, so it was better for him to waste time going there, than to delay. No, it was better for In-gong to go there in vain, than for Felicia to be in a crisis. 
In-gong didn’t inform Vandal. He simply shouted to Carack that Felicia was in danger. 
The distance between the fourth base and Takar was considerable. If he marched in the normal manner, it would take around four days. Even if it was a hard march, it would take two days. 
However, that speed was when he was moving with soldiers. 
In-gong didn’t have anyone with him. Moreover, he was pouring his power into White Eagle; the magic from the dragon heart increased White Eagle’s speed. 
If he maintained this speed, he would be able to reach Takar in a few hours. It was tremendous speed. 
However, In-gong felt impatient. He needed too much time. A few hours was too long. 
‘A little bit faster, a little bit faster!’ 
Aura was added to the magic power, while White Eagle moved in the darkness. 
& 
The Famine Knight entered the ruin. Smoke filled the passageway. The dim light from the ceiling faded, and the faint scent of magic power disappeared completely. 
The Famine Knight felt a funny sense of nostalgia at the scent. He remembered things from 1,000 years ago and 10,000 years ago. It felt like just yesterday that he was walking through this ruin. 
Gerard’s memory also recognized the Black Flame Dragon, the treasure of the dark elves. However, he had spent 20 years in the lycanthrope prison. Therefore, he didn’t know the current owner of the Black Flame Dragon. He just guessed that it was one of the kings of the dark elves. 
It didn’t matter if the owner was someone Gerard knew or if they were from a new generation. In the first place, the encounter with the dark elves was a coincidence. His purpose was on the lowest floor. 
Of course, he didn’t plan to miss it. The magic power flowing through the royal dark elves were like a light wine. 
The Famine Knight didn’t rush. He advanced while devouring the ruin’s magic power. 
& 
Felicia looked up at the ceiling. The light from the ceiling shone again. However, it was fainter than before and blinked occasionally. Something strange had obviously occurred. 
Felicia thought about it as calmly as possible. The sudden change was due to something they had done or an external factor. 
Nothing had happened when their group came to the fourth floor, and they hadn’t touched anything. 
Therefore, there must be an external factor. She wondered what had happened. What was this unbearably ominous feeling? 
Felicia grasped Silvan’s hand. It was a firm hand without any shaking.
Silvan smiled at Felicia before looking up at the ceiling. No, he seemed to be looking beyond it. 
There was a problem above ground, not underground. It was a hunch, but he also had some evidence to prove it. Silvan stared down at his arm. He had a magic device to track the location of the Black Flame Dragon. The arrow of light inside the gem was supposed to point toward the place where the Black Flame Dragon was, however, there was currently no light. If so, it was either one of two options: 
The Black Flame Dragon had been destroyed, or his connection was blocked. 
Silvan thought about the crew members of the Black Flame Dragon. Either way, it was highly likely something abnormal had happened to his crew members. 
Normally, Silvan would already be climbing the stairs up to the ground. However, Felicia was in this place. That fact made him calm. 
"It is approaching.” 
Silvan said quickly. He felt something ominous approaching in the darkness. 
Felicia breathed roughly. Although Silvan was relatively ignorant about magic, he was still a prince of the dark elves. He instinctively noticed that the scent of magic power was changing. The spirits around them were scared. 
Silvan watched the stairs. Instead of raising his aura, he took Felicia’s hand again, and he deliberately gave an exaggerated smile. 
"Don't worry. I, your Oppa, is here.” 
Felicia laughed awkwardly. She swallowed her dry saliva repeatedly and called upon the wind spirit. 
Right now, she didn’t want to go to the floors above, so she sent the wind spirit up. 
& 
The ruin of the indigenous species boasted a vast size. The ruin, which started in the forest of Karamis, reached the Great Desert. 
The Famine Knight crossed the first floor. He didn't leave anything behind in the place he passed. The ceiling was depleted of magic power and lost its light, making the passage go dark. 
He felt wind coming from in front of him. The Famine Knight laughed happily. This was because it wasn’t a natural wind. 
The Famine Knight lifted a hand, and the hungry power of Famine didn’t let the wind blow. 
& 
The wind spirit had been extinguished. The presence was still coming closer. 
It was clear that there was an external problem. Felicia took a deep breath. The spirit had vanished and horror filled her chest. 
Silvan looked around. The passage on the fourth floor was rather large because the size of the ruin grew every time they descended a floor. The height of the ceiling seemed to be approximately six to seven meters. 
Silvan made a decision. Instead of going to meet the enemy, he decided to wait. The ruin was vast. Considering the speed at which the ominous presence was approaching, it would take a considerable amount of time to reach this place. 
“Felicia.” 
Silvan called out with an affectionate voice. Felicia straightened and nodded. The two people didn’t say anything, but they had reached the same conclusion. 
A battle of waiting was the specialty of a magician. She would convert the fourth floor’s stairs into a trap. 
The ceiling light became weaker. The ominous presence was now much closer. 
& 
Time passed. It was too slow for some people and too fast for others. 
Felicia swallowed her saliva. The ominous presence was like a snake that tightened around her neck. Her breathing was rough as she looked at the magic she had prepared. The stairs to the fourth floor was now a magical fortress. 
She wondered how much time had passed. Her back was moist with sweat. It was clear that at least one hour had passed, maybe even more. 
Felicia closed her eyes tightly and restored her breathing. She had been with Shutra for several months and experienced many things, but she had never been so nervous. As time went by, it seemed like she would die. 
“It is coming.” 
Silvan said quickly. Felicia quickly opened her eyes and stepped back in dismay. Sepira and Delia stood on either side of Felicia, while the five crew members took out their weapons and watched the stairs. 
Silvan pulled out Amita’s sword as well. His aura glowed as he stared at the ceiling. It was obvious the presence was on the third flood. 
Now, it was coming down. This was the moment they would face the ominous presence. 
Everyone stared at the stairs. The presence was approaching them. Silvan shouted. His shout was like a thunderbolt as he stared at the ceiling. 
“Avoid it!" 
Kwa kwa kwa kwang!
The loud explosion swallowed up Silvan’s cry. The ceiling collapsed and rocks hit the floor. 
Delia grabbed Felicia’s waist and pulled her back. Sepira turned hurriedly toward the sound. Something was seen in the darkness. 
It spread like a mist. At the same time, the dark spirit at the center moved like lightning. He naturally twisted the neck of a crew member who had been knocked down by a rock. 
The crew member couldn’t even scream. He dried up without a sound. Then the heart of the second crew member was crushed. Silvan triggered his aura while Felicia screamed. 
“Gerard!” 
He was the one Felicia had seen in the lycanthrope territory. The one who had forced Chris and Caitlin, as well as Shutra, to the brink of death! 
The Famine Knight, formerly called Gerard, smiled. The black energy surrounding his body absorbed the magic power of the ruin. The ceiling lost its light, and the floor was deprived of its vitality. It was dry and cracked just because the Famine Knight was standing on it. The ceiling the Famine Knight destroyed was turned to dust. 
The Famine Knight kicked off from the ground, with the explosive movement distinctive to Divine Beast Authority. The passage was wide, but the distance between them narrowed, and the Famine Knight arrived in front of Sepira. 
Sepira swung her sword reflexively. The Famine Knight moved along the trajectory of Sepira’s sword, then he turned and grabbed Sepira’s wrist. 
‘Drain.’ 
The moment the Famine Knight ordered it, Sepira’s wrist disappeared. At the same time, Silvan wielded his sword. He cut Sepira’s arm off cleanly. 
Sepira groaned from the sharp pain. Blood spurted from Sepira’s arm, while the cut wrist held by the Famine Knight dried up and became dust. 
The Famine Knight laughed. 
Did Silvan see it? Or did he just feel it? 
Either way, Silvan’s aura exploded. It was an act to create a gap. Silvan pushed Sepira away with his feet and watched the Famine Knight. He wielded his sword once again. 
It cut through the atmosphere sharply. 
The Famine Knight moved backward smoothly like he was sliding over the ground. Gerard’s memories revealed that Silvan was as strong as Chris. 
Therefore, he felt pleased. He pushed off from the ground while using the power of Famine! 
“Silvan!” 
Felicia screamed desperately. Silvan triggered aura around his whole body, and the aura barrier opposed the power of Famine. Once again, Silvan’s sword moved like lightning. 
It was fast and accurate. 
However, Gerard was extremely strong. He was once the strongest among the lycanthropes, and he read all of Silvan’s movements. Almost all the sword trajectories were crushed before they even started. 
Silvan was gasping for air. In order to stop the power of Famine, he continued pouring aura into his aura barrier. It seemed like his aura would be depleted before his stamina. 
"Captain!" 
The remaining three crew members rushed in at the same time. Silvan wanted to tell them not to come, but he was out of breath. He had barely squeezed out his voice when a thunderous sound was heard. 
Kwang kwang kwang!
There were three roars, and the hearts of the three crew members were crushed. Their bodies fell to the ground, and their remaining health was lost to the power of Famine. 
Silvan let out a loud sound. He was lost in his rage for a moment, then the Famine Knight’s palm reached Silvan’s chest. It wasn’t a simple attack. 
Arang— 
A technique of Divine Beast Authority which destroyed the enemy from the inside. 
Aura exploded inside Silvan’s body, and the blue aura protecting Silvan’s body became faint. 
Silvan was thrown into the air, then he crashed down to the ground, coughing up blood. 
The Famine Knight admired Silvan. He had a remarkably disciplined body. While the lycanthropes were unmatched in toughness, the fragile elves shouldn’t be able to endure Arang with their bodies. 
The Famine Knight stared at Silvan with fascinated eyes. Silvan coughed up blood again but somehow managed to stand up. 
Sepira ran up to Silvan. At the same time, Felicia moved. She couldn’t watch anymore. 
She poured all the magic she had set up on the stairs onto the Famine Knight. The Famine Knight felt the flow of magic power. With the power of Famine which swallowed everything, he set up a barrier and walked between the flow. 
The black darkness broke through the dazzling magic light, and the power of Famine devoured the magic. He twisted the trajectory of the magic. 
It only took a few seconds. 
The Famine Knight escaped from the magic and stood before Felicia. Delia invoked dozens of red lights from Amita’s armour and created a force field. Amita’s armour was fine, but Delia wasn’t. It felt like she had been hit by a dump truck. 
The Famine Knight looked at Felicia, then Gerard remembered. 
She was the woman who had been with the Conquest Knight. 
Was it coincidental or inevitable? 
The Famine Knight reached out his hand. 
& 
Felicia waved her hand reflexively. It was a struggle to say anything. In the first place, she wasn’t a match for this opponent. The Famine Knight avoided Felicia’s attack like it was a joke and touched Felicia’s chest. It looked like a very mild blow, but it wasn’t. The armour Felicia wore took the blow and distorted. Due to her chest piece being crushed, Felicia had trouble breathing. 
The Famine Knight touched Felicia’s cheek. Rather than draining her with the power of Famine, he wanted to tear her apart. 
It would be good to throw her decapitated head to the hateful Conquest Knight. 
The Famine Knight kicked Felicia’s abdomen once again, and Felicia made a hissing sound. She was barely able to maintain consciousness, so it was impossible for her to cast a spell. 
Silvan raised his body. The Famine Knight spread out the power of Famine to provoke them. 
Everyone moved as they thought of Famine. Sepira moved to save Delia just before the power of Famine reached her. Despite still coughing up blood, Silvan jumped in front of the power of Famine and defended using his aura. He then used the shortest distance to reach Felicia. 
The Famine Knight had expected it and stretched out a hand toward the expected orbit. Silvan twisted his body desperately but couldn’t flee perfectly. The Famine Knight struck Silvan’s waist, and his aura was removed. Then the power of Famine rushed like a vulture toward Silvan. 
However, Silvan pushed against the ground. He broke through the power of Famine and reached Felicia. 
Felicia gasped as she looked at Silvan, but Silvan smiled at Felicia. He smiled despite the bloody state of his body. 
‘No.’ 
Sepira thought as she held Delia. 
It was the same for Felicia. Even though she couldn’t breath properly, she tried to somehow speak. 
‘No, you can’t do that. 
There must be another way. There had to be something more!’ 
However, Silvan didn’t listen. It was unreasonable. His flow of aura was ruined by Arang, and there wasn’t enough time to correct the aura. At this very moment, the power of Famine was stretching toward him and Felicia. 
So, this was the only way. No other way existed. 
Silvan reached out to Felicia’s forehead and invoked a hidden magic spell. He forcefully got her permission to act in the state of emergency. 
The Famine Knight only cared about Felicia, so Silvan couldn’t wait any longer and reached out a hand. However, Gerard remembered something, and he ordered the Famine Knight to retreat straight away. 
‘Why?’ 
‘What was the reason?’ 
Questions were created. During that time, Felicia screamed. Silvan smiled at Felicia as he raised a hand to his right eye. 
Gerard’s warning reached its peak, and the Famine Knight strengthened the power of Famine reflexively. Sepira and Delia cried out Silvan’s name. 
At that moment, tears flowed down endlessly from Felicia’s eyes. 
Silvan took off his eyepatch. 
He opened up the power of the fairy.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 139 - Chapter 25: Opening #2
It was like an explosion. 
It was comparable to opening a door which had been blocked to its limit. 
Fairy...
It was a blessing from the first fairy king as well as a curse. 
Those born with the fairy had enormous magic power which was different from ordinary dark elves. They were able to turn all their natural strength into magic power. Even incompatible powers such as magic and aura would become complete under the control of the fairy. 
Additionally, it didn’t stop. 
The owner of the fairy could use the magic power which also existed in the atmosphere of the Demon World. It was theoretical, but if they exerted the fairy’s power to its limits, it was possible to have infinite power. 
The first fairy king used the power of the fairy to establish a kingdom. Even though there were no signs of it left, the dark elves were able to stand on their own feet due to the kingdom of the fairies. 
So, the fairy was a blessing. 
However, at the same time, it was also a curse. With the exception of the first fairy king, the fairy’s owner didn’t have complete control over the power. 
Except for the first fairy king, all the owners of the fairy lost their lives due to excessive abuse of power. It was because once the magic power was exhausted, it would start to drain the power necessary to sustain its life. 
During childhood, the fairy’s magic power was somewhat weak, so it was possible to reign it in. However, there were no method after becoming an adult. Opening up the fairy in one fight would be like consuming the owner’s their life. 
Silvan was born with the fairy. 
Ever since his childhood mistake in opening up the fairy, he had never unlocked the seal on the fairy again. Unlike the other dark elves, Silvan didn’t learn magic and focused on aura and swordsmanship instead to stay as far away from the fairy as possible. 
Silvan’s fairy, which had been sealed for many years, shone with a golden radiance as he unleashed its strong and brilliant power. 
Successive explosions followed. They weren’t caused by magic but an explosion of magic power, and that power was beyond imagination. 
The Famine Knight backed away hurriedly and used the power of Famine. Silvan inserted magic power into Amita’s sword while staring at the Famine Knight, and a blade of golden light rose above the sword like a lightning bolt. 
Felicia howled as Silvan rushed toward the Famine Knight. The Famine Knight blocked Silvan’s charge with the power of Famine, but Silvan’s magic power is too great. It was impossible to deplete all of it, even with the power of Famine. 
“Sepira!” 
Silvan shouted in pain. Sepira immediately understood what he meant. She ignored the blurry vision caused by her tears and ran toward Felicia. Delia was also the same. 
Silvan drove back the Famine Knight, and lightning spread everywhere. His eyes were shining a brilliant gold. 
Delia hastily pulled off the heavily dented chest armour which was interfering with Felicia’s breathing. Felicia breathed out reflexively, then Sepira hugged her forcefully. 
Felicia understood. She knew what Sepira wanted to do, and Sepira didn’t release Felicia. She carried Felicia and ran forward without looking back. 
“Silvan! Silvan!” 
Felicia screamed, but Silvan didn’t look at Felicia. Instead of controlling the fairy’s power, he released it freely. His aura, which had been broken by Arang, was forcibly converted to magic power and caused another round. In the end, his life force was being exhausted. 
It was all to protect Felicia. In order to save her, he had to defeat the monster before him! 
Kwa kwang!
Lightning struck and the sound of thunder filled the passage. The power of Famine couldn’t absorb the magic power and split apart. 
Silvan coughed up blood. The Famine Knight triggered his aura, but the Famine Knight’s strength was still lacking. In the end, he had to deal with Silvan by using the power of Gerard, who was called the strongest among the lycanthropes. 
The Famine Knight used Gerard’s memories of Divine Beast Authority. Silvan swung his giant sword made of magic power and attacked the Famine Knight. A stray blow tore the ceiling apart. 
The explosions continued in succession. At that time, Sepira reached the stairs, and Felicia finally exclaimed,
“Silvan!” 
There was no reply to her heartbreaking scream. Sepira jumped the stairs and reached the third floor. It was just a large room, so she could spot the stairs leading to the second floor easily. 
The entire ruin seemed to be in shock as rubble fell from the ceiling. 
Sepira continued to run, while Felicia’s struggle became weaker. Harsh breathing filled the passage. 
How much time had passed since they started running away? 
At best, it was a dozen or so seconds, maybe not even be one minute. 
Sepira, who had run to the second floor, looked back, and Delia swallowed a scream as she illuminated their surroundings with magic. 
An ominous darkness was coming from far away. 
At the same time, there was also a dazzling golden light. 
Part of the ruin had collapsed, and a huge gold light pierced through the ceiling, causing a vibration. 
It was a huge magic power. However, the strength behind that magic power meant Silvan’s life force was numbered. 
Sepira clenched her fists as she ran. Delia swallowed back her tears as well. 
Her heart felt like it was going to burst, and her breathing felt choked. 
Time passed, maybe 20 minutes or more. 
They finally reached the stairs to the first floor. Sepira climbed the stairs painfully, followed by Delia. The horrible nightmare was still coming. 
Every time there was a dreadful roar, it sounded much closer, and the golden colour flashed in the darkness. 
Sepira moved to climb to the first floor. At that moment, Delia covered Sepira. The two people rolled to the ground with Felicia as the staircase collapsed. 
The stairs connecting the first and second floors had collapsed. Felicia looked through the hole caused by the collapse. She could see the back of Silvan’s shoulders drooping down. Beyond that, there was a black spot. 
It had been 20 minutes since he opened up the fairy. Silvan was half-dead, and the Famine Knight was also suffering from excruciating injuries, but he was still standing. 
In the past, Gerard would already be out of combat. However, the current Famine Knight was a doll controlled by Famine but had Gerard’s memories. Gerard could only move due to the power of Famine. 
It wasn’t good. The Famine Knight couldn’t absorb the enormous magic power of the fairy all at once, but it was possible to devour it slowly. If Silvan hadn’t been hit by Arang or if he was a powerful magician, the story might have been different. However, it was meaningless to think about that now. 
The Famine Knight was a dark werewolf, and black smoke filled up the empty spots in his body. 
The Famine Knight kicked off from the ground. Then Silvan—instead of striking the Famine Knight with his sword, he caused a huge magical vortex. 
However, it was insignificant. 
The memory of Gerard laughed. In the old days, he had been the strongest of the lycanthropes and known for his footwork. He used Divine Beast Authority’s explosive power and maneuvered at high speed to avoid Silvan’s magic vortex. Gerard stretched out just as Silvan caused another explosion. 
Magic power and aura collided. Although Silvan instinctively created a shield of magic power to block it, he was still pushed back. Thrown back more than a dozen metres, he landed, spread out on top of the collapsed staircase. 
The Famine Knight sighed with a satisfied expression, then he ridiculed the scene which was occurring in front of him. 
Felicia had jumped toward Silvan. She poured her magic power desperately into the dying Silvan. At the same time, she cast various recovery magic and defense spells. 
It was stupid. The Famine Knight devoured everything, and that’s why he knew. The fairy was already in an unstoppable state. She could wrap the injuries of Silvan’s body with recovery magic, but she couldn’t prevent magic power from leaking. 
It was pitiful. 
The Famine Knight didn’t know whether it was the Famine Knight’s memory or Gerard’s, but he sneered with ridicule and took a step forward. Despite this, the damage to the Famine Knight wasn’t small. So, he had to absorb the last of Silvan’s power. 
Felicia cast her magic desperately. She pulled Silvan’s head onto her lap and used all the recovery magic she knew. However, it was useless. She was sensitive to the flow of magic power, so she knew Silvan had almost no magic power remaining. 
Silvan’s hands trembled. Instead of grabbing Felicia’s hand, he pointed toward the air. Somehow, he squeezed out magic power to stop the Famine Knight. 
Felicia wanted to yell out, ‘Idiot!’, however, she held back her curses since he had already done it. 
Felicia would rather have the fairy herself. Then she would be able to save Silvan. Maybe she would even be able to create a better situation. 
The Famine Knight approached. Sepira and Delia were prepared to die as they stood before Felicia. 
Not giving up on the situation, Felicia glared straight ahead as she hugged Silvan’s head. The Famine Knight took a step forward. 
Then right at that moment...! 
The Tears of a Dark Elf shone brilliantly from Felicia’s finger. Why was it shining now when it had been silent so far? 
It was simple. Due to the battle between Silvan and the Famine Knight, the ruin had collapsed. So, the flow of magic power was no longer blocked at the entrance by the power of Famine and was spreading elsewhere. 
...And another one— 
The most important reason. 
Felicia dragged Silvan to her. She was both crying and laughing as she called out loudly, 
“Shutra!” 
Kwaaaaaang!
There was a response to her call. It poured down from the sky as Ascalon, the great weapon from the dragon slayer series. 
It penetrated the ruin, breaking through the ceiling of the first floor and into the second floor. 
The Famine Knight raised his head as the pair of Tears of a Dark Elf shone in the dark passage. A pair of white and black shields painted a green trail. Shutra flew like a flash and stood before Felicia. 
He had arrived. 
Divine Sura Authority and a new wind...
It was faster than the wind. 
Silvan hadn’t opened up his fairy in vain. Shutra had managed to make it in time. He opened his eyes as he glanced at the dark elves. 
The Famine Knight was before him, and the power of Famine was fired at him. It was like a black sword. 
In-gong glared at the power of Famine. He also activated the power of Conquest and shouted,
“Below the King’s Flag!” 
The flag of light formed in In-gong’s hand and was stuck into the ground. At that moment, the white power of Conquest filled the ruins. The power of Famine was pushed out, and Shutra’s white aura rose like a flame. 
The Famine Knight was confused. He couldn’t understand it. 
It wasn’t just due to the sudden appearance. 
The Famine Knight had faced the Conquest Knight only a few months ago, yet the power of the Conquest Knight was now significantly different. It was so strong that it couldn’t even be compared to the last time. 
Why? What was this? 
However, unlike the Famine Knight, In-gong wasn’t confused. Due to the dreaded situation, he had sped here like a storm, but he soon forgot his tiredness.
Felicia was crying, and Silvan was half-dead. 
In-gong activated his quad-core. The dragon blood woke up, and Earth Quaker gave a low growl. 
Famine Knight... 
There wouldn’t be a third time. It was time to settle this. 
‘Conquer.’ 
The white woman’s voice was heard with anger filling her voice. 
Then In-gong formed a fist. 
He invoked his power. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 140 - Chapter 26: Conquest
In-gong ran like the wind. He became a gale which crossed the space. 
Aura and magic power rose from his dragon heart at the same time. The quad-core, created by adding magic power to the auras from the Moonlight Core, pure aura heart and the dragon heart, proved terrifying. 
The Famine Knight was confused and missed In-gong’s movement. By the time the Famine Knight recovered his spirit, In-gong was already at his side. 
The left side of Gerard’s body hadn’t remained intact. Therefore, his reaction was slow. Using Gerard’s memory, he defended reflexively, but In-gong’s attack was quicker than that. 
In-gong’s power exploded outwards. The white aura burst, and the Famine Knight was pushed sideways. Moreover, that wasn’t the end. The Famine Knight saw the white aura flying toward him. It was the Lightning technique of Divine Sura Authority.
Kwakakakang!
It was like a lightning strike. No, it was already lightning. The divine power from the last flame tore into the left side of the Famine Knight. The Famine Knight couldn’t withstand it and screamed. It was an eerie feeling, like his left half was being torn apart! 
“Kuaaah!” 
The Famine Knight howled like a beast. He tried to spread the power of Famine in every direction and widened the distance between him and In-gong. The divine nature of the power made it even more painful. 
In-gong didn’t approach the Famine Knight carelessly. He understood it the moment he hit the Famine Knight with Lightning— 
He understood the reason why Silvan was dying, and the feat he had accomplished. The power of Famine was filling the left half of the Famine Knight’s body, meaning it wasn’t a real body. 
Silvan had used the fairy. It was clear he had used this power against the Famine Knight. 
The final boss on the ‘Day of Massacre’ had always been Silvan. 
He had the fairy. In Knight Saga, he was the child of the demon king with the strongest magic power. 
Silvan had protected Felicia. He had lasted until In-gong managed to arrive, and now, Silvan was dying. 
In-gong’s anger flared. He remembered the Famine Knight laughing in front of Felicia, then he remembered how happy Silvan was to receive Amita’s sword. In-gong knew without even looking—Silvan had opened the fairy without any hesitation in order to defend Felicia, even though he had known it would lead to his death! 
In-gong’s anger exploded, and the white and green aura grew even bigger. 
The Famine Knight was unable to move his hands or feet, and it wasn’t just due to embarrassment. He was close to suffering from irreversible injuries. 
It was just for a moment, but it was overwhelming. The existence before his eyes was the Conquest Knight! 
Don't make him laugh! 
The Famine Knight was in denial. He couldn’t admit it at all. 
Gerard’s memories helped him regain his posture, then the Famine Knight rushed toward In-gong. 
The two attacks collided. There were more than a dozen flashes in an instant. A white and black aura collided as the entire ruin shook. 
The Famine Knight was once again confused. The presence before him, the Conquest Knight, had less martial art ability than Silvan. However, he was more difficult to deal with. It wasn’t simply a difference in momentum. 
Gerard’s memory knew why, and the reason was simple. 
In-gong knew much more about Divine Beast Authority than Silvan. He was used to dealing with Divine Beast Authority. 
Divine Beast Authority was the foundation of In-gong’s Divine Sura Authority. 
He had accumulated battle experience with Divine Beast Authority through sparring with Caitlin. 
It would have been a different story if the Famine Knight was in his usual state before Silvan opened the fairy. However, the Famine Knight had now lost their left and right sides. Despite Gerard’s memories as the strongest lycanthrope, it was unreasonable for him to exert his full capabilities. 
Kwa kwang!
A howl burst from the chest of the Famine Knight. Once again, there was the power of an explosion, and the Famine Knight groaned in protest. It wasn’t the same Divine Beast Authority. In-gong’s explosion surpassed that of Divine Beast Authority. Gerard remembered that the power of Divine Sura Authority was superior to Divine Beast Authority, but the Famine Knight didn’t understand this fact immediately. 
There was a gap. 
The Famine Knight wasn’t Gerard. He just had Gerard’s memories. The gap between the two of them widened dramatically, causing a huge weakness. 
The Famine Knight continued to move his hands and feet. As the slugfest continued, more and more of In-gong’s attacks hit. 
The power of Famine couldn’t drain In-gong’s aura. The power of Conquest, surging from the king’s flag, offset the power of Famine. It didn’t stop there and also suppressed the left and right sides which were made up of the power of Famine. 
The Famine Knight used Arang. 
In-gong used Arang like a mirror and blocked it. Just in regards to the perfection of the techniques, Gerard’s memories were still superior, but In-gong filled the gap with a huge amount of aura. 
At that moment, the Famine Knight twisted and struck In-gong’s chest. It was a close range attack of Divine Beast Authority. 
In-gong’s body shook as something pierced through it like a drill. However, the destruction the Famine Knight had expected didn’t happen. In-gong endured the power, and the result was something that Gerard’s memories couldn’t imagine. 
[Greedy Wolf Lv1 has been learnt.] 
In-gong struck the Famine Knight’s chest with Greedy Wolf. A hole formed in the black smoke which made up the Famine Knight’s left side. The Famine Knight staggered, and In-gong gritted his teeth. In-gong was someone who had endured a monstrous attack from Vandal. He swallowed back the pain Greedy Wolf caused him and stretched out his fist again. In-gong placed his right hand in the hole in the Famine Knight’s chest and the power of Conquest exploded! 
Kwang!
The left half of the Famine Knight was scattered instantly. The black smoke scattered everywhere, and In-gong kicked the Famine Knight. The current passage was moderately wide, but the body of the Famine Knight struck a wall and made a loud noise. 
Then In-gong held him up there with Telekinesis. When the Famine Knight was fixed to the wall, White Eagle and Black Eagle, which had been waiting for this moment, rushed to the Famine Knight! 
Kwakang!
They were like meteors. Green light emitted from the black and white shields, turning Gerard’s body into a ragdoll. His body was shattered and the limbs cut off. 
"Kuaaaak!" 
The Famine Knight shrieked with pain. At that moment, the power of Famine exploded. The power of Famine was being forced out because the Famine Knight was giving up on Gerard’s body. The darkness rose like an angry flame and swallowed In-gong! 
“Shutra!” 
Felicia screamed. At the same time, Famine shouted. He hated In-gong. 
“Drain! Destroy him!” 
It was a terrible feeling. A terrible affection. 
The power of Famine bit at In-gong, then the power of Conquest tried to protect In-gong, and Famine felt hostility. 
At that moment, Famine could no longer tolerate it. He poured out his emotions toward Conquest, the white woman with red and blue eyes. Famine was close to screaming. 
Why? 
Why did she block them? Why was she fighting against her own? 
Famine didn’t know. He couldn’t understand it. 
Why did she betray them and go on the opposite side? 
Conquest, War, Death and Famine... 
The four riders of destruction— 
They were presences that longed for the end of the world. 
However, that wasn’t the case now. Conquest had betrayed the rest. As the ruler, she should be at the forefront of the riders, so the remaining three were hostile toward her. 
What was the cause? Did the fight 1,000 years ago change her? Did the fight from that time destroy her? 
The power of Famine became even stronger, and he used his emotions as fuel. It seemed like he would soon destroy In-gong. 
However, Conquest didn’t back down. In the midst of the darkness, the white aura shone even brighter. 
In-gong finally understood. 
The woman with one red and one blue eye... 
Conquest— 
She didn’t want it anymore. She didn’t want the end of civilization, the extermination of all life. 
Despite being born for destruction, she longed to maintain the world. 
It was her dream. It was why she chose a knight who didn’t want destruction like the other riders. Far from conquering In-gong, her desire was for In-gong to conquer her. 
[The level of Conquest has risen.] 
[The level of Conquest Knight has risen.] 
[The level of The King's Knights has risen.] 
[The level of Conquest Knight has risen.] 
The voice rang in his ears. From the deep depths of In-gong’s soul, the white woman smiled sadly. 
In-gong formed a fist. The armour of the elder dragons, the riders’ enemies, gave strength to In-gong. 
The power of Conquest which radiated from Earth Quaker, which was growling furiously, destroyed the darkness of Famine. 
The power of Famine was scattered... 
And the power of Conquest took its place. 
In-gong, the person who had been born as a true Conquest Knight, looked down while he was enveloped by a white light. He stepped forward as he gazed at the power of Famine which remained in the caricature of Gerard. 
The Famine Knight hurled curses at In-gong. He spewed out from Gerard’s memories of hatred. 
In-gong received all the hatred and struck the final blow toward the Famine Knight’s chest. 
Gerard’s body was completely destroyed. Famine lost its container and was sent away, and the ominous feeling which filled the ruin was washed clean. 
[Your level has risen.] 
[Your level has risen.] 
[Your level has risen.] 
In-gong heard the voice three times, but he couldn’t rest yet. He turned and looked at Felicia and Silvan. Felicia was still crying, and tears were flowing endlessly down her cheeks. 
“Save him. Save him, Shutra.” 
Felicia begged while holding Silvan’s head, but it was just a desperate plea. Even Felicia, a magician, couldn’t think of a way to save Silvan. She was forced to watch Silvan die. 
In-gong approached Felicia, then he saw Silvan smiling. He had a really satisfied smile on his face. 
Felicia was saved. She had survived. 
Silvan could rest now. As Felicia was now secured, Silvan tried to let go of his string of life. 
However, In-gong didn’t tolerate it. He stretched out his hand toward the fairy inside Silvan. 
In-gong used the power of Conquest. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 141 - Chapter 26: Conquest #2
In Knight Saga, Silvan and the fairy hadn’t been on In-gong’s side. 
However, the battle with Silvan on the ‘Day of Massacre’ had been so impressive that In-gong remembered the general characteristics. 
Silvan’s magic power had been exhausted, and he died. 
In order to prevent this, In-gong had to stop the fairy from emitting an endless amount of magic power. 
The power of Conquest emerged from In-gong’s palm and revolved around the fairy. As expected, In-gong frowned at the result. 
The fairy wasn’t like a separate item. It was a part of Silvan and was connected to Silvan’s soul, so it wasn’t possible to conquer it separately. 
If so, there was only one way remaining. 
“Shutra?” 
Felicia wept as she called for him. She gasped as she read In-gong’s expression and poured out, 
"Is there a way? Is something wrong?” 
Her words were deteriorating. It wasn’t a situation where she could speak properly as per usual. However, her thoughts were still clear. She didn’t miss the fact that there was a way for In-gong to save Silvan. Felicia grasped In-gong’s hand tightly. 
“Please. Please, I’ll do anything. I'll do whatever I have to as long as Silvan will live. Please. Please, Shutra.” 
Felicia wept and begged, bowing her head several times while talking. 
In-gong closed his eyes. He had no choice now. He had to do it. He couldn’t do anything that would leave an irrevocable wound in Felicia’s heart. 
However, that wasn’t the only reason. He didn’t want to lose Silvan either. In-gong wanted to save this silly man. 
In-gong settled his heart and opened his eyes. As he pushed Felicia’s hand away gently, In-gong spoke to Silvan, 
“Silvan hyung, can you hear my voice? There is only one way to save Hyung. You must accept my rule—become my knight. It is a magic ritual, so you shouldn’t reject it. This way, I can save Hyung.” 
He had to make Silvan a member of the King’s Knights. The Conquest Coat of Arms would be carved on Silvan, and he would be under In-gong’s rule. 
Then it would be possible to influence the fairy without conquering it. 
After In-gong accepted Vandal, the King’s Knights were at full capacity. However, the level of Conquest rose in the battle against the Famine Knight, and it was the same for the King’s Knights. The positions in the King’s Knights increased from five to seven people, so he had room to accept Silvan. 
The problem was something else. 
How would he explain to Felicia and Silvan about controlling the fairy? Could it be a gandharva magic or a unique family magic? 
While that might work on others, it was no longer the case with Felicia; this was the limit. 
However, he couldn’t give up on Silvan. So, In-gong was prepared for whatever happened. 
Then something unexpected occurred. Silvan’s expression cracked after hearing In-gong’s explanation. Despite facing death, Silvan was satisfied Felicia was still alive, but there was an expression of fierce rejection on his face. 
“No...” 
Silvan squeezed out. Felicia stared at Silvan with shock. 
“Silvan?!” 
Silvan no longer had the power to move his head and simply stared at Felicia with dull eyes. He wanted to reassure her and managed to speak after some difficulty. 
“I... Felicia’s... knight... I swore... geis...” 
“You fool! You will die! Die!” 
Felicia’s shout struck like a thunderbolt, but Silvan didn’t listen and simply smiled. However, the strong feeling of rejection could be felt. 
It wasn’t mere stubborness. Silvan had mentioned a geis, a magic oath. 
Felicia also knew about that. So, thoughts ran through her mind desperately. As a good magician, she found the answer and grabbed In-gong’s hand once again. She poured out her words, 
“Shutra, I will be your knight. If I go under you, Silvan, my knight, will become your knight, right?” 
There was no contradiction in her logic. In-gong had a blank expression, while Delia couldn’t help feeling shocked. 
However, Felicia just stared at In-gong with unwavering eyes and said,
"If you become the demon king, I will be your subordinate anyway. I know there is a magic ritual, but it doesn’t matter. It’s okay. Save him, Shutra.” 
There were several magic spells in the Demon World which could bind an oath or relationship and some were worse than In-gong’s spell. 
There was magic which could give pain every time an order was disobeyed or even magic in which the master held the power of life or death. 
It was the reason for Delia’s shock. Felicia’s situation was different from that of Silvan’s, whose life was at stake. 
Moreover, Felicia and Silvan had completely different positions. Being in a matriarchal society, Felicia was destined to become the next leader of the dark elves; she was going to become queen of the dark elves. 
However, Felicia was already determined. Delia opened her mouth to stop Felicia, but in the end, she couldn’t say anything. Her mouth opened and closed a few times before simply she bowed her head. 
In-gong also made a decision. If it was Felicia, he didn’t mind giving away the last spot in the King’s Knights. No, he actually wanted to give it to her as she was precious to him. 
In-gong nodded and looked back at Silvan. He placed both his hands on Felicia and Silvan’s foreheads. 
“Did you hear that, Hyung? I’m starting.” 
Silvan couldn’t answer. His time was truly numbered. 
Felicia bit her lip to restrain her nervousness. In-gong first cast the King’s Knights on Felicia. 
“Felicia Doomblade, I appoint you as my knight.” 
The power of Conquest enveloped Felicia, and she accepted In-gong’s rule without rejecting it. Felicia became the sixth King’s Knight. On Felicia’s forehead, the white Conquest Coat of Arms emerged. 
Next was Silvan. In-gong activated the King’s Knights once again. There was only a short moment of rejection due to the dark elves’ geis, then Silvan also accepted In-gong’s rule. He became the seventh knight, and the same coat of arms appeared on his forehead. 
Then the King's Knights took effect. The benefits offered to the knights were also shared with Felicia and Silvan. 
Felicia’s eyes widened with surprise. It wasn’t just stronger physical ability but magic power as well. 
It was also effective on Silvan. His magic power had almost been drained, but there was now a little bit of time before that. 
In-gong followed up with the power of Conquest. It acted like reins on a wild horse to pull back the raging fairy. 
Unlike Felicia and Silvan, the fairy resisted violently, but it was useless. Conquest was much stronger than before and instantly pushed down the fairy’s resistance, subjugating it. 
‘Rule.’ 
The white woman said. In-gong obeyed her voice and controlled the fairy. He closed the hole which was leaking magic power and put the fairy to sleep. 
The sight of the white light was truly beautiful and mysterious. As soon as the fairy became quiet, Silvan closed his eyes. His magic power had stopped leaking, and he had a very calm expression on his face. 
In-gong let out a breath as the urgent fire was put out. He wiped the sweat off his forehead and saw that Felicia was teary-eyed once again. 
Felicia laughed like a fool. She touched Silvan’s forehead and cheek, and cried again. Then she opened her arms toward In-gong, who understood what she meant. Silvan was using her knees as a pillow, so she couldn’t move to hug him. 
Felicia was obviously taller than In-gong, but right now, she felt small and slender. Felicia grabbed In-gong tightly and burst into tears again. She cried like a child. 
“Shutra, Shutra.” 
‘I was so scared. So scared. I thought Silvan would die and leave me forever. 
Delia almost died, Sepira’s arm was cut off, and the crew members are dead.’ 
Felicia wasn’t able to speak these words. She then fainted in In-gong’s arms. The tension had been so tight that she collapsed as soon as it was released. 
In-gong hugged Felicia tightly once more before handing her over to Delia. He saw Sepira seat herself carefully next to Silvan, then she started weeping. 
One wrist had been cut off cleanly. A simple recovery spell stopped it from bleeding. 
In-gong used recovery magic on Felicia and purified Sepira’s arm. As she was bathed in the magic light, Sepira bowed with a humble expression. There was a deep emotion of appreciation on her face. 
It was In-gong who had saved Silvan’s life. So, for Sepira, In-gong was a lifesaver. 
In-gong faced Sepira and examined the extent of her wound. This was a world where regeneration magic existed, so she might not always be crippled. 
After worrying about Sepira, In-gong got up and looked around. 
Black ash was scattered at the place where the Famine Knight had died. It was the trail of the person who had previously been Gerard. 
Famine hadn’t died. He had just been expelled from Gerard’s body. However, he wouldn’t be able to intervene for the time being. 
This was quite natural because of the true story of the Conquest Knight. 
Conquest, the red and blue eyed woman, didn’t want the end of the world. So, she chose to fight against the other riders. 
In-gong was able to understand Famine’s and Death’s hatred. He could see why War looked at Conquest with a mixture of dislike and goodwill. 
They were Conquest’s brothers and sisters, friends and lovers. 
From their standpoint, Conquest was the worst traitor. 
In-gong closed his eyes and calmed his mind. For now, it was enough that he understood Conquest’s true dream. He would gradually learn more. 
‘Then let’s move on.’ 
It was hard to imagine the Famine Knight showed up because of Felicia and Silvan. Perhaps the ruin itself was his goal. 
'Is there something like the Moonlight Extract?’ 
This was a ruin which hadn’t appeared in Knight Saga, so In-gong didn’t know what was inside it. 
In-gong arranged his thoughts and picked up Amita’s sword from the ground. Then he exclaimed unknowingly with admiration. 
As expected from Amita... The sword was infused with the fairy’s magic power, but the blade was still fine. 
Silvan had been able to destroy half of the Famine Knight due to Amita’s sword. 
In Knight Saga, Silvan didn’t have a sword strong enough to endure the fairy’s magic power. So, when he opened the fairy, he couldn’t use his special swordsmanship. 
In-gong laughed as he was reminded of Amita slamming their tail against the ground. 
Then a voice was heard from right beside him,
“Master, is it over?” 
It was Green Wind, who had become solid. In-gong looked at her and nodded. 
“Roughly. Now, let’s return to the Black Flame Dragon.” 
The Black Flame Dragon was near the entrance to the ruin. In-gong hadn’t been able to look at the situation there because he had been flying so quickly, but he could guess. If the Famine Knight had entered through the entrance, then the crew of the Black Flame Dragon wouldn’t have been safe. 
He felt saddened as he remembered the crew members who laughed so happily. As his shoulders sagged without him realising, Green Wind pouted and moved into In-gong’s field of view. 
She tilted her head and looked up at In-gong like she had something to say. 
“Green Wind?” 
As In-gong called her name, Green Wind straightened and spoke in a slightly exaggerated tone, 
"I flew an incredibly long distance today. I did plenty of worthwhile work. So far, I have been waiting patiently.” 
It was a face that wanted praise. 
In-gong had the gut feeling that Green Wind wasn’t acting like this simply because she wanted praise. She was trying to change In-gong’s mood, and it was quite charming. 
A smile formed on In-gong’s face. He looked at the cute and lovely Green Wind and couldn’t help wanting to praise her. 
"Yes, that's right. As expected of Greenie. You did really well. If it hadn’t been for Greenie, I wouldn’t have been able to save Felicia, Silvan and the others.” 
In-gong stroked Green Wind’s head while praising her in an exaggerated manner. 
Instead of her usual reaction, Green Wind blushed and puffed out her cheeks like she didn’t know what to do. In-gong asked with confusion, 
“Why? Uh, did I pet you wrong?’ 
Was she sick of too much petting? 
Green Wind shook her head at In-gong’s question. 
"Ah, no, I just suddenly felt embarrassed. Master, keep praising me. I did something worthy of praise.” 
Green Wind said, hitting her chest. 
Her appearance was very cute, but In-gong didn’t start praising her again. 
“Sorry, let’s do the rest later. Can you help me move Silvan-hyung?” 
The size of the shield was quite large when White Eagle and Black Eagle were combined, so it was possible to carry Silvan in a lying down state. 
“I am Master’s. I will follow Master’s commands.” 
Green Wind returned to White Eagle. 
As Delia and Sepira loaded Silvan on White Eagle, In-gong suddenly raised his head and looked up at the sky. The moon, which had been hiding in the clouds, was suddenly revealed. 
&  
“Noona, I have a confession.”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 142 - Chapter 26: Conquest #3
In-gong returned to the Black Flame Dragon. He had already expected it, but the area surrounding the Black Flame Dragon was calm. The black ash on the ground and the dry, broken body parts made it obvious as to what had happened.
Sepira couldn’t speak. She was doing her best to act as calmly as possible, but she was clearly emotional. She staggered as her eyes were busy looking around, hoping to spot any survivors. 
In-gong, who carried Felicia on his back, didn’t try to stop Sepira. It wasn’t easy to say comforting words, so he just boarded the Black Flame Dragon quietly. He also thought it was lucky Felicia and Silvan had lost consciousness. 
Having stayed on the Black Flame Dragon before, he knew its structure and headed straight to the captain’s room. However, In-gong checked the mini-map, as was his habit, and his eyes widened. 
“There are survivors!” 
Sepira rushed up the stairs at In-gong’s cry. Instead of waiting for her, In-gong headed straight to the place where the survivors were. It was the crew room. 
There was an awful smell as soon as he opened the door. Delia, who was standing behind In-gong, blinked with confusion. 
"The smell of alcohol?" 
There were three crew members on the floor. There was one woman and two men. The thing they all had in common was the terrible smell of alcohol. One of them was still holding a big bottle. 
After arriving late, Sepira sighed as soon as she saw the three people. Then she turned toward In-gong with a somewhat embarrassed face. 
"Today was their day off.” 
It seemed like they had drunk alcohol and gone to sleep without noticing the disturbance. They were lucky. 
If the mission had been accomplished as usual, Sepira would have told them off for drinking and falling asleep even though it was their day off. However, the survival of the three people cut through her tension, and she started crying. 
“There are three more people, so moving the Black Flame Dragon won’t be a problem.” 
Sepira dried her tears and told In-gong. In-gong was gladdened by this and headed toward the captain’s room. 
In-gong sighed as he watched Silvan and Felicia laying side by side on the big bed. As he watched the two people sleeping peacefully, In-gong’s heart calmed. 
‘Carack will be worried.’ 
He had simply left without explaining properly. 
The distance to the fourth base wasn’t that far, so long range communication should be possible. He felt sorry for the worried Carack, but the quickest he could send some news was tomorrow. 
'I saved Call.’ 
The reason why he hadn’t called Vandal in the fight against the Famine Knight was because Vandal’s current location was too far away. 
As the level of the King’s Knights increased, the distance of Call also increased, so it might be possible one day. However, there was no reason to use it. 
He accepted Felicia and Silvan as members of his knights, so he wanted to save Call. 
In-gong arranged his thoughts and turned his gaze to Delia. She was very tired and wanted to rest, but he needed to know the situation. 
After leaving Felicia and Silvan to Sepira, he took Delia to an empty room nearby in order to hear her story. 
They had been writing down the unknown characters from the indigenous species when the Famine Knight entered suddenly. 
Based on the story, the purpose of the Famine Knight seemed to be the ruin, like In-gong had surmised, and not Silvan and Felicia. 
In-gong then decided to stop here and rest for today. He was curious about the characters carved in the ruin, but he couldn’t leave Felicia and Silvan alone on the Black Flame Dragon. 
In-gong sent Delia to take care of Felicia and lay down on a bed. It had been a huge day for In-gong as well. There were no problems with his stamina thanks to the constant level ups, but his nerves were still frayed. 
"Protect the perimeter.” 
"I will. Goodnight, My Master.” 
Green Wind kissed In-gong gently on the forehead before scattering back into wind. 
In-gong closed his eyes, and soon, he fell into a deep sleep. 
&  
"Master, wake up. It is morning.” 
Instead of Carack’s rough voice, Green Wind’s soft voice tickled his ears. In-gong opened his eyes slowly and saw Green Wind. She handed In-gong a glass of water and said, 
“I saw what the orc did. Here is a cup of cold water to drink. I’ve also prepared water to wash up.” 
He turned away from Green Wind’s bright eyes and saw the basin beside the bed. It was filled with cold water. 
"How is it, Master? Aren’t you fine without the orc?” 
“Yes.” 
Green Wind laughed at In-gong’s words. Her face was so beautiful that In-gong refrained from saying Carack would have prepared a towel to clean his face. 
Anyhow, In-gong woke up thanks to Green Wind and headed to the captain’s room. He looked at the time displayed on the mini-map and saw that it was already noon. 
“You’ve come. Both of them are calm.” 
Delia welcomed him as he entered the captain’s room. Sepira had fallen asleep while sitting down. She and Delia had alternated guarding Felicia and Silvan. 
Delia had dark circles under her eyes, but her expression was bright. In-gong felt sorry toward Delia and made up his mind—one more hand was needed to help. 
"So, that is why you called me?” 
"Yes, you are a perfect housewife.” 
In-gong muttered as he summoned Carack. 
"That—I thought it was because there was a crisis.” 
"Then would you like to change your position?” 
"I will work hard.” 
Carack whined playfully, and In-gong just laughed. Another reason was that he wanted to experience the increased distance of Call after the level up. 
"How has it been?” 
"There was an uproar. Prince left with just the words that 6th Princess was in danger. 8th Princess had just arrived and was talking to me, so she must have been surprised when I disappeared.” 
It was a natural story. Moreover, it was a dangerous situation, so it was frustrating not knowing the situation. 
'Caitlin will worry a lot.’ 
An image of Caitlin stomping her feet came to his mind clearly. 
"Anyway, I want to ask you to handle the work. Both Delia and Sepira are too tired.” 
“Understood. Leave it to me.” 
Carack pounded his chest with a trustworthy face and walked out of the room. As expected, he showed his skills. Thanks to that, Delia and Sepira’s feelings seemed to deepen, but In-gong could understand. It was enough that Nayatra didn’t join them. 
Time passed, and it became evening. Silvan was still asleep, but Felicia had woken up. 
She washed up and had a meal with Delia’s help, then watched In-gong with teary eyes again. She hugged In-gong and thanked him repeatedly. 
Thanks to Felicia, In-gong barely managed to ask Carack and Delia to leave the room. He had something that he could discuss only with Felicia. 
Delia exchanged glances with Felicia before leaving the room, then In-gong put Felicia back on the bed. He sat down in a chair opposite her. 
Felicia opened her fan and covered her face because of a simple reason: 
"I’m so embarrassed.” 
The tips of her long ears were red. She had cried most of yesterday and was doing the same today. In-gong laughed because she looked pretty cute. 
"Isn’t it too late now?” 
"It is really embarrassing.” 
Felicia complained before fanning herself a few times, then she faced In-gong with a well-prepared expression. 
"Okay, I am ready. You can speak now.” 
“Noona, I have a confession.” 
"Wait a minute, wait a minute." 
Felicia hurried to restrain In-gong as she fanned herself and took deep breaths. Her embarrassed gaze peeked at In-gong from behind the fan. 
Then after a few minutes, Felicia took a deep breath and told In-gong again, 
"Okay, again.” 
“I have a confession.” 
In-gong and Felicia burst out laughing. Felicia stared at In-gong and said, 
"You will tell me now?” 
"Yes, I think I can speak if it is Noona.” 
It was a secret he kept even from Carack. It was a very important secret that related directly to In-gong. 
However, it would be okay if the other person was Felicia. 
In-gong stared straight into Felicia's red eyes and said, 
“Felicia noona, I am a Conquest Knight.” 
They were short and simple words. 
In-gong swallowed his saliva while Felicia rolled her eyes. Then she called out to In-gong, 
“Shutra.” 
“Huh?” 
“What is that?" 
The serious atmosphere was broken, but this was also good. In-gong nodded and said, 
"Let me explain." 
“Uh, that... In summary. There are four beings who yearn for the end of the world, and each of them chose four knights which are referred to as the Four Knights of the Apocalypse. They are Conquest, War, Death and Famine... and you are the Conquest Knight?” 
In-gong nodded at Felicia’s question. Then Felicia continued to narrow it down. 
“Among the four, Conquest betrayed the rest, and she longs for the maintenance of this world, not its destruction. Therefore, she decided on a knight like Shutra, who wants to protect the world. Apart from her, the other three are still working toward the end of the world. Gerard was the Famine Knight, while the enemies with the violet aura which we dealt with several times are associated with the Death Knight. Whereas, the barbarians were associated with the War Knight.” 
"That's right." 
Felicia quickly understood. 
She accepted In-gong’s story and sighed. 
"It is the first time I’ve heard of this, but... I am convinced. Everything fits.”
With Shutra’s explanation, the questions in her head started to be answered one by one. 
Felicia asked In-gong, 
"Shutra, have you only recently awakened as a Conquest Knight?” 
"That's right. It happened during the Red Lightning tribe mission.” 
Felicia closed her eyes at In-gong’s answer. This time, it really did make sense. The Prince of Scraps, the incompetent 9th Prince had only started to show his greatness during the Red Lightning tribe mission. 
"But then... I can’t imagine what it is like to be a knight. In a sense, Conquest is like a divine being, isn’t she? Have you received a revelation?” 
"It’s not like that... I just know in the moment. Oh, I'm also a knight, not Conquest. In fact, I only recently came to know about the rest of the beings and their knights. I had to do my own research.” 
"Indeed... Anyway, one mystery has been solved. Somehow, even if you were a genius, it was too much. Nevertheless, Shutra is a special person.” 
Shutra had become too strong in such a short period of time. This was due to the power of Conquest. 
'There is also Protagonist Correction.’ 
However, he couldn’t talk about that. 
In-gong watched Felicia and said, 
“Noona is also special. So, I am confessing this secret.” 
His words were flattery, but they were also true. Felicia spread open the fan again and said, 
"At any rate, it is good. I really appreciate it. Especially the fact that I am the first to know this secret.” 
Caitlin and Chris didn’t know this story. Just like when she found out about the inventory, Felicia was competing with Caitlin and Chris strangely. 
“Okay, Shutra. You’ve told me the story, so I will tell you my conclusions.” 
Felicia folded her fan with a loud sound and leaned closer to In-gong. 
"For now, let's keep it a secret." 
There was no smile on Felicia’s face. She was currently very serious. 
“It is fine to report that the group attacking us consists of the Death Knight and War Knight. Maybe the Demon King’s Palace already knows about the Four Knights of the Apocalypse. They have great knowledge after all.” 
Felicia was a ruins expert, but she was only 20 years old. The Demon King’s Palace had a vast collection of knowledge Felicia didn’t know. There might be something about the Four Knights of the Apocalypse in there. 
So, they could tell the Demon King’s Palace that the Death and War Knights were attacking. Maybe they already knew about it. 
“But we must hide the fact that Shutra is the Conquest Knight.” 
Felicia grasped In-gong’s hand tightly. It was a warm hand. 
“Shutra, I trust you. I know that you are different from Death, War and Famine. But the Demon King’s Palace may not think this way. Do you know what I mean?” 
"I know.” 
The Death Knight and War Knight were enemies of the Demon King’s Palace. It was possible the palace would treat In-gong, a Conquest Knight, like them. 
In the worst case scenario, they would try to remove In-gong. 
“Yes, then let’s keep it a secret. I’m sorry for the Demon King’s Palace, but you are much more precious than them.” 
Felicia said with a gentle smile, and that smile was so beautiful. 
In-gong turned his eyes away awkwardly and said, 
"Mmm, as expected of Silvan hyung’s twin.” 
The words were beautiful but also embarrassing. 
Felicia immediately released In-gong’s hand after being compared to Silvan. She covered her red face and said, 
“Ah, well. Okay. Based on this story, the Famine Knight likely wants something from the ruin. Then it makes sense to check what it is. Isn't that right?" 
"Of course. Let’s go back as soon as the sun rises tomorrow morning.” 
The Famine Knight had coveted something in the ruin. By obtaining it, they would gain a huge help and deal a blow to Famine simultaneously. 
“By the way, Shutra, I was wondering about one thing.” 
‘“What is it?” 
“The Four Knights of the Apocalypse? So, is this the apocalypse? Do you know what type of apocalypse?” 
It was a reasonable question. 
In-gong laughed awkwardly and said, 
"I am still investigating.” 
&  
“As soon as you see it, you can read unknown words. A scam. It is a scam!” 
"Caitlin noona would have said that I’m amazing.”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 143 - Chapter 26: Conquest #4
Apocalypse could be associated with words such as prophecy, revelation, and so on. 
In other words, if there were Four Knights of the Apocalypse, then there was a possibility of the existence of things such as a book of revelations or a prophecy. 
He had heard the title ‘the Four Knights of the Apocalypse’ for the first time from the last flame. 
However, the last flame hadn’t mentioned anything about the apocalypse. She didn’t know anything except that the knights were desperate for destruction. 
For her, the Four Knights of the Apocalypse was just a story. 
In-gong only had access to the first floor of the library, which could be called the surface, so he couldn’t obtain such information. However, adding up all his merits from this time, he might be able to find new information. 
After finishing the conversation with Felicia, In-gong contacted the transfer facility near Takar. The communication device installed on the Black Flame Dragon had the essence of the dark elves’ power, so the distance for sending and receiving signals was considerable. 
By communicating through each base from the transport formation tower, the news would reach the fourth base in a few hours. 
‘6th Princess is safe. I’ll be back in a few days.’ 
It was a short message, but it was better than nothing. 
As usual, In-gong trained before falling asleep. 
Then the next morning, he left with the excited Felicia to explore the ruins. 
&  
Felicia and Delia were the only ones involved in the ruins exploration. 
Silvan was still asleep and after overworking for so long, Sepira finally lay down. 
Thus, Carack stayed behind on the Black Flame Dragon to take care of the two people. 
Of course, there were three surviving crew members on the Black Flame Dragon, but it was inevitable that In-gong would trust Carack more. Additionally, the three crew members were busy managing the Black Flame Dragon. 
"Delia, isn’t it better for you to take a break?” 
In-gong suddenly asked Delia as they were walking toward the entrance of the ruins. Delia’s face was filled with fatigue because like Sepira, she had worked continuously. 
However, Delia shook her head. 
"The greatest rest is seeing that Princess is safe.” 
It wasn’t just flattery but true words. They had such a hard time in the ruins that Delia was just happy Felicia was safe.
"But you were attacked as well.” 
Felicia frowned and asked with a concerned voice. Unlike Felicia and Sephira, Delia had been struck by a direct attack from the Famine Knight. 
Once again, Delia shook her head. 
“I’m okay. Amita’s armour protected me. I am alive thanks to that.” 
As Delia said, Amita’s armour had protected her. At the time of the attack, a red force field had spread from the chest piece. 
Thanks to this force field, she was fine despite the attack being so strong that she had been blown away. 
"Silvan hyung’s sword is the same... I can see Amita’s craftsmanship.” 
"Yes, indeed... It truly isn’t normal.” 
In-gong and Delia exchanged glances and laughed. However, Felicia’s face was still full of concern. 
"Still, it is better not to just believe in equipment. Understand?” 
“I understand.” 
Delia answered quickly, but In-gong and Felicia knew. If something dangerous happened again, Delia wouldn’t hesitate to act as a shield. She was just like Carack. 
"Okay, then let’s concentrate on exploring the ruins. The unknown characters are found near the entrance. 
Felicia clapped to get In-gong and Delia’s attention and started moving confidently. 
A while after arriving at the entrance of the ruins, Felicia stomped her feet and shouted, 
“As soon as you see the unknown words, you can read them. A scam... It is a scam!” 
Her face was full of deprivation and unhappiness. In-gong’s ability was indeed a scam for ruins experts. 
How many nights had she spent studying the dwarf characters or unknown characters just for him to learn the scripts instantly? 
Felicia sighed as she recalled the past. 
"Caitlin noona would have said that I’m amazing.” 
He missed the eyes which would shine like lanterns. 
Felicia’s eyes narrowed at In-gong’s remark, while Delia tried not to laugh.
Felicia had shared all the information with Delia, but she didn’t reveal that In-gong was the Conquest Knight. She had just said that In-gong had a powerful and special ability. 
Anyway, Felicia’s expression, a mix of jealousy, chagrin and other emotions, was really worth watching. He was watching her face quietly when he heard a voice from beside him, 
“Master, Master.” 
It was Green Wind who had become solid. Green Wind cleared her throat and smiled happily as In-gong turned toward her. 
"Master is amazing.” 
Although it was enough to make his heart shake, In-gong shook his head. 
"No, there is something lacking.” 
Caitlin’s one had something more to it. Indeed, wasn’t she hard to exceed? 
After In-gong’s evaluation, Green Wind became sulky and disappeared. He ignored her sulkiness. 
"Well, ignoring that nonsense, what does it say?” 
Felicia asked with a curious voice. In-gong looked at the characters once again. Unlike the dwarf and dragon characters, the indigenous species language skill was still level one, so his reading comprehension was somewhat slow. 
‘Is it similar to a power plant?’ 
Thanks to the strength of Conquest, In-gong eventually managed to comprehend what he was reading. 
According to In-gong, these ruins formed a huge power plant. As they went deeper, the scent of magic power became stronger because the power generator was down there. 
In-gong concluded as he turned toward Felicia. 
"This is a facility that produces magic power. And...” 
“And?” 
"It does seem to belong to the extinct indigenous species.” 
In fact, the latter was so obvious that In-gong didn’t care, but Felicia was different. Her eyes were shining excitedly like she was Caitlin. 
"Oh, my god. It is real. Real! The indigenous species really did have a civilization before us.” 
Thunderdoom Fortress was old, but the facility was still built within the records of the dark elves. It couldn’t be compared to the ruins built by the indigenous species before the recorded era. 
Felicia hurried forward happily, prompting In-gong every time the unknown characters appeared. She didn’t forget to take notes of In-gong’s answers. Maybe she was creating a translation dictionary. 
As Felicia marvelled over the ruins repeatedly, they reached the fifth floor, which was the lowest layer of the ruins. 
The fifth floor was similar to the room on the third floor, but the density of magic power was really amazing. It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that the whole room was full of magic power. 
The room on the fifth floor was almost 10 meters tall, but the floors, walls and ceilings were full of intricate magic circles. It felt like a giant circuit diagram. 
In the middle of the room, there was a large chunk of magic power floating on an altar at the center of the circuit. It was almost the size of a basketball. 
"A magic power crystal...” 
Felicia muttered in a voice full of admiration. In-gong could see why the Famine Knight had visited this ruins. 
The body of the Famine Knight, Gerard Moonlight, had been in a state of collapse due to his long imprisonment. During their first encounter, he had appeared for the Moonlight Extract, rather than Caitlin and Chris. 
This was for the same reason; the Famine Knight needed to regain strength by absorbing this chunk of magic power. 
In his early days, Gerard had been equal to a captain. If he had really absorbed the magic power, a terrible tragedy would have taken place. 
"This facility was created to produce the crystallized magic power?” 
Felicia muttered as she examined the circuit. In-gong nodded and wondered about what to do with the magic power crystal. 
‘If it were a plant like the Moonlight Extract, I could just eat it.’ 
Unfortunately, it was a mass of pure magic power. So, it was impossible to absorb it by eating. 
‘I can try to subdue it with Conquest.’ 
However, he was quite skeptical. The power of Conquest was different from the power of Famine. The power of Famine was absorption and depletion, while Conquest was domination and control. 
Unlike Ainkel’s dragon heart, which was a type of magic spell, the crystal was a collection of pure magic power. So, it was doubtful if Conquest would work. 
'Master, you don’t need to conquer it. The magic power before you was made to be absorbed. Master has the dragon heart, so you will be able to absorb it.’ 
He heard Green Wind’s voice while he was busy worrying. In-gong asked reflexively,
'Made to be absorbed?’ 
‘That’s right, I can feel it. Maybe it’s a fragment of knowledge Ainkel left behind. The magic power in before your eyes was made for the purpose of absorption. An ordinary person may not be able to absorb too much magic power, but Master has the dragon heart. It is an opportunity for your incomplete dragon heart to grow.’ 
Her words sounded plausible. From the outset, this was a power plant which produced energy and sent it elsewhere. 
‘An opportunity for my incomplete dragon heart to grow? What does that mean?’
'Master, do you think that the power of a dragon heart is only that much? The amount of aura is small, so the output of magic power is also small. Master has a piece of dragon heart from Ainkel. Master’s dragon heart is starving, and you need to fill its stomach in order to make it grow.’ 
In-gong’s eyes widened at Green Wind’s words. This amount of magic power was enough to increase his triple core to a quad-core. 
Of course, the quad-core was a hybrid of the triple-core and magic power, making it a little bit weaker than the original quad-core. Even so, the amount of magic power produced was approximately half of his aura. So, it wasn’t a small amount. 
‘Hu, okay.’ 
Anyway, it was possible to absorb the magic power and make his dragon heart grow. In that case, there was no reason to hesitate. 
"Felicia noona, stand back for a moment.” 
In-gong checked the magic circuit and stood in front of the crystal. Instead of paying attention to Felicia, he brought his hands to the crystal. 
“Shutra?” 
Felicia sprang back in shock as a huge amount of light emerged from the crystal. At the same time, In-gong’s dragon heart responded. It devoured the magic power which was pushed into In-gong’s palms. 
In-gong’s arms started shaking, and the dragon heart seemed like it would burst. 
In-gong clenched his teeth and persisted. Once he couldn’t tolerate it anymore, he screamed and a clear voice was heard in his head. 
[The dragon heart’s level has risen.] 
[The dragon heart’s level has risen.] 
[The dragon heart has grown.] 
In-gong’s hands were thrown away from the crystal, and he gasped for air. Then... he could feel it. 
The dragon heart had grown. Just like Green Wind’s words, so far, the dragon heart had been ‘small’. The aura output hadn’t changed, but the output of magic power had increased tremendously. It was almost three—no, five times what it had been before. 
In-gong formed a fist. He released his magic power consciously—a green magic power which grew like a flame. 
‘If there is this much magic power...’ 
In-gong cast Fire Arrow. Rather than an arrow, a giant pillar formed above In-gong’s palm, almost like a ballista. 
"Fire Spear? No, Fire Ballista?” 
The shocked Felicia asked In-gong.  
"No, it is just Fire Arrow.” 
The basic configuration was the same, but the amount of magic power entered was different. 
Of course, this was a performance in order to show off his magic power. Rather than pouring more magic power into Fire Arrow, it was better to use Fire Spear or Fire Ballista. 
However, it was clearly something not everyone could do. 
In-gong made the fire pillar disappear and explained to Felicia,
"I absorbed the magic power from the crystal, and my dragon heart grew. Thanks to that, my magic power is now stronger. How is it? Isn’t this good?” 
Would the word ‘amazing’ come out this time? 
In response to In-gong’s question, Felicia opened her mouth slowly, 
"Shutra is a scammer.” 
&  
In-gong used the rest of the magic power in the crystal to treat Silvan. As the fairy’s magic power had been exhausted, its absorption rate was enormous. It was like pouring water onto earth which had become cracked from a drought. 
The ruins still produced magic power, but the functions were greatly diminished. Everything had already been extracted so he decided to report it to the Demon King’s Palace without any regrets. 
After completing the work at the ruins, In-gong’s group headed toward Silvan’s first base in Karamis. From there, he would report what happened to the Demon King’s Palace. 
By late afternoon, the Black Flame Dragon was soaring through the sky. 
&  
Famine had been expelled. 
In the first place, it had been too much for Famine to control the Famine Knight, and the backlash from losing the Famine Knight was severe. For a while, Famine would be in a deep sleep. 
The Death Knight realized the Famine Knight had vanished. He also didn’t miss the fact that it had been because of the Conquest Knight. 
Conquest’s betrayal was now a matter of fact. She had truly chosen to be hostile towards them. 
Death felt pained. 
However, the Death Knight didn’t feel anything. 
Unlike Death or Famine, he had known this a long time ago. 1,000 years ago, he had witnessed the end of Conquest during that fight and understood Conquest wouldn’t side with them anymore. 
The Death Knight let out a long sigh. As he thought of the distant past, he became convinced once again. 
The Conquest Knight was incomplete. Conquest had been destroyed 1,000 years ago, so it was unlikely she even had proper communication with the Conquest Knight. 
The Death Knight looked toward the south. 
It wasn’t just the Conquest Knight; there were two more beings who attracted his attention. 
2nd Prince Zephyr Ragnaros...
The strongest child of the demon king, and a person who had been born with the flesh of a dragon. 
...And there was another one—Warrior Locke, born with the spirit of a dragon. He was the sword prepared by Guardian Queian, one of the six elder dragons and an enemy of the beings longing for destruction. 
Famine was expelled, and the Famine Knight destroyed. However, there was no big hindrance to the plan. 
The Death Knight shifted his gaze from the south towards the sky. 
He waited for the promised day to come again. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 144 - Chapter 27: Queen
On the first day of arrival at the first base, Silvan regained consciousness. His condition was better than expected because his magic power had been charged by the crystal. 
However, it was just up to there. For the time being, stabilization and medical care were essential. 
As soon as Silvan woke up, he got up to look for Felicia, and Carack and Sepira had to call In-gong and Felicia hastily. Silvan was terribly agitated for many reasons. 
There were three reasons for Silvan’s agitation. One was naturally his worry for Felicia, while the other was Sepira’s cut wrist. Silvan had cut her wrist in order to stop Famine’s power, but he still felt sorry when he saw it. 
It was as expected from Felicia’s twin brother. Just like Felicia, he was overflowing with care for others. 
The third and biggest reason for Silvan’s agitation was the fairy. 
His right eye had always been covered, but he now stared at In-gong and Felicia with both eyes. 
“It is really amazing.” 
Silvan blinked several times. Despite not doing anything, he was able to see the world through the fairy. Sometimes the fairy would give his right eye a golden colour, but otherwise, it was just an ordinary eye. 
Silvan could feel the flow of powerful magic power. His body was filled with magic power, but there was no magic power leaking out. 
It was all thanks to In-gong. 
In-gong had conquered the fairy for Silvan and set a limit. Thanks to that, the output of the fairy fell dramatically, but it prevented the magic power from running wild. 
"Hyung will be able to use more magic power once you become better at handling magic. But make sure to pay attention. The nature of the fairy itself hasn’t changed. So, once the fairy opens up, the magic will run wild again.” 
Basically, In-gong had locked the big water tank with a broken faucet and put aside a bucket. 
The bucket would become bigger when his use of magic power improved, but that didn’t fix the broken faucet. Silvan had to refrain from opening the fairy until he learnt how to open and close the faucet forcefully. 
However, even if it was in a limited state, he could still use the fairy. So, this was a big development. 
“Shutra’s power... it is really amazing. Really amazing.” 
Rather than explaining Conquest, he had just told Silvan that it was a special power. 
Although Silvan was a little exaggerated, he was trustworthy, like Felicia. However, the fewer people who knew the secret, the better. In-gong might tell him someday, but it didn’t need to be right now. 
Silvan smiled widely at In-gong and Felicia, then he watched Felicia with a burning gaze. 
“Felicia, Oppa will become stronger for you. I will also study the magic I had put aside. Magic warrior... No, I will be reborn as a true magic swordsman. Starting today, please call me Magic Swordsman Silvan.” 
His voice, which was full of determination, was nice, and his face was handsome as well. However, Felicia made a disgusted expression while Carack laughed. A few days ago, he had been discussing a magic warrior with In-gong. 
‘I was right.’ 
‘Yes.’ 
In-gong smiled awkwardly as they talked with their eyes. Then Silvan glanced at In-gong and declared,
“Shutra, thank you again. For saving Felicia, Sepira, Delia and I... as well as getting revenge on the crew members’ killer, I really appreciate it. I will never forget this. From this day on, I am both Felicia’s knight and your knight. I will serve you for the rest of my life.” 
There was deep sorrow as well as gratitude in his solemn voice. 
In-gong didn’t hate this Silvan. How could he hate this human aspect of him? 
Then Silvan suddenly turned back toward Felicia and frowned. He spoke to In-gong with a complicated expression,
"Well, please understand that Felicia is more of a priority.” 
In-gong figured that was the case. He laughed and nodded. 
"I understand, Hyung. Please take care of me in the future.” 
The most precious thing to Silvan was Felicia. In-gong accepted this fact about Silvan and had no complaints. Silvan was Felicia’s knight before he was In-gong’s, and Felicia was precious to In-gong as well. 
As In-gong and Silvan exchanged warm glances, Carack said to Felicia, 
"Aren’t you going to say anything?” 
"There is no use talking to fools.” 
Felicia replied while covering her face with a fan. He couldn’t help but notice the red ears which peeked out from above the fan. 
The situation had a mixture of both warmth and embarrassment. 
Delia, who had been outside for a while, came back with a report. 
It was a reply from the Demon King’s Palace. 
&  
"It is as expected.” 
In-gong handed the message to Silvan after reading it. 
The Demon King’s Palace had ordered them to return. 
Felicia stretched her shoulders as she felt the increased tension. 
"There are many sensitive issues. And aren’t things in the south almost finished being organized? These days, it seems like the north is really noisy. Maybe we will be sent on a support mission to the north.” 
Evian, the territory which In-gong was responsible for, hadn’t been the only one attacked. In the north, where there was always a small battlefield, there had already been several big fights. 
After the barbarian king had been killed, they no longer needed to worry about the eastern barbarians of Evian. Meanwhile, Silvan had cleared his area. 
Moreover, the attacks of those with the purple aura, which had been the reason for placing the royal children in various places, was presently concentrated on the north. 
As the situation got worst, it was natural to think of going to support the north. 
‘The problem is who we are going to support.’ 
Among the five children of the demon king in the north, except for Chris, all of them were from different factions. 
It would be difficult if he was going to support Baikal, Zephyr or Anastasia. 
In-gong cut off these thoughts for now. It wasn’t just to support the north that they were ordered to return to the Demon King’s Palace. 
The Death Knight was attacking all over the Demon World. 
Meanwhile, the War Knight had given strength to the eastern barbarians. 
Additionally, the Famine Knight had driven Silvan and Felicia to the brink of death. 
There needed to be a briefing on these three things. It wasn’t clear how much information the Demon King’s Palace had about the Four Knights of the Apocalypse, but the strikes from the Death Knight and War Knight were directly damaging the Demon World. 
Felicia turned toward Silvan. 
"Silvan, I think we need to move separately from the Black Flame Dragon. Do you know why?” 
Apart from Silvan and Sepira, the Black Flame Dragon only had three crew members remaining on it. It was impossible to fly at the highest speed for a long time, so it would take a considerable amount of time to return to the Demon King’s Palace using the Black Flame Dragon. 
They had to use the transportation formation to return to the palace in time. 
Silvan looked grouchy, but it was only for a second. Felicia smiled softly and reassured him, 
“I know it is heartbreaking for you, as the captain, but it can’t be helped. I will ask Aunt Alita to look after the ship for a bit.” 
Once In-gong and Felicia returned, Alita’s mission to support the two of them would have ended. Alita was family, so they could entrust the Black Flame Dragon to her. 
"Okay, let’s get ready to go back. Once Caitlin arrives, we will all return to the Demon King’s Palace.” 
The return order had also gone to Caitlin, who had remained in Evian. This was the reason why Felicia had expected they would be sent to support the north. If it were for the purpose of protecting the land, there was no reason for Caitlin to return. 
Felicia headed to the communications room to tell Caitlin to join them in Karamis, while Silvan was pushed by Sepira into resting. 
In-gong sat alone on the deck of the Black Flame Dragon and thought about the future. 
Just a few days ago, he had defeated the Famine Knight. 
War, Death and Famine— 
They were beings hostile to Conquest and defeating them wouldn’t be an easy task. 
The Famine Knight was both strong and weak. It was a bit strange, but that was the only way he could express it.  
In-gong divided the strength of the knights into two. 
One was the knight’s own strength, while the other was the added power of Conquest, War, Death and Famine. 
The Famine Knight, Gerard Moonlight, had been strong. After being imprisoned for 20 years, he had been weaker than his prime, but he had still been strong enough to defeat Silvan in such a weak state. 
On the other hand, the power of Famine wasn’t that strong. Once In-gong emanated the power of Conquest, the power of Famine could barely be used. 
Why? Was it because it he had only been the Famine Knight for a short time? If so, how long had the Death Knight and War Knight been knights? Why was the time difference between knights so big? 
The clue was the fight from 1,000 years ago. 
There had been a fight, and Watcher Ainkel had lost her life. 
Starting from 1,000 years ago, the elder dragons hid themselves from the Demon World. 
Conquest, War, Death and Famine were existences which fought the elder dragons. 
‘If the fight continued…’ 
In-gong came to a conclusion. 
The Death Knight or War Knight might have lived as knights for 1,000 years. It was indeed a very long time. 
'What are they doing? And why have they resumed their activities now?’ 
The Four Knights of the Apocalypse were those who craved destruction. If so, their actions were meant to cause the end of the world. 
An attack on the Demon King’s Palace... Killing guardians in various places and turning those areas into desert... 
Were these actions related to the end of the world? Or did they just want to destroy the Demon King’s Palace and turn the Demon World back into a crucible of confusion? 
'I remember the words of the sword duke.’ 
Threats to the Demon World existed in the past, present and future. He had to become strong enough to defeat them. 
It was indeed a simple answer. Just thinking about it caused his heart to beat wildly. 
"Yes, this is the right answer." 
‘Become strong.’ 
If he won the confrontation, then all the problems would be settled. 
Although it was a story for the future, it might be possible to find out why In-gong came to this world and if there was a way to return. 
In-gong decided to think about things after arriving at the Demon King’s Palace. His merit level would increase greatly, so it was the perfect timing to do the things he had postponed. Additionally, it was good since all the other children of the demon king, except for those in his faction, were away from the palace. 
In-gong would use this opportunity to collect information from the library as well as find the various hidden events and items in the Demon King’s Palace. 
He hadn’t been able to do it previously because his merit level was too low. 
‘Next, there are things related to magic and the churches.’ 
In-gong’s eyes burnt with ambition as he planned his tour of the Demon King’s Palace. 
Then three days later in the afternoon, Caitlin arrived at the first base in Karamis. 
&  
“Shutra is amazing.” 
Caitlin’s eyes shone like lanterns as she heard about how In-gong saved Felicia. She gave him the bright smile he loved so much. 
“Ah, this is it.” 
In-gong nodded with satisfaction while Green Wind grumbled. 
‘It is the same. There is nothing different with my version. Master is strange. Fool. Hateful. Not amazing.’ 
He could only hear her voice since she wasn’t in a solid form, but he could imagine the face she was making. Her grumbling was cute, so In-gong couldn’t help smiling, which caused Felicia to frown. 
"Shutra is good, but sometimes, you are a pervert.” 
“Right. Sometimes you laugh while I am telling you a story. Even your training seems painful, but you just give a scary laugh.” 
Felicia’s expression changed as Carack spoke. It was similar to how she looked at Silvan. 
Felicia’s reaction was a burden, but Caitlin and Nayatra’s reactions made it more difficult for In-gong. Nayatra was looking at In-gong with very intrigued eyes. No, what was that gaze? Why was she blushing?! 
While In-gong was panicking, Silvan spoke with a smile on his face. 
"Well, he is still Shutra. Hyung understands. I am your knight. People have different tastes. I still respect you.” 
What type of taste was he talking about? 
In-gong tried to defend himself, but the mood wasn’t good. Furthermore, Caitlin laughed and dealt the final attack. 
"Shutra, do you want to be hit with aura again?” 
He would rather die! 
In-gong sighed and said to Carack, 
"Let’s go back now—to the Demon King’s Palace.” 
The same afternoon, the transportation formation at the first base was activated. Their destination was the Demon King’s Palace. 
&  
"The schedule for the court gathering has been set."



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 145 - Chapter 27: Queen #2
It was his fourth time returning to the Demon King’s Palace. The first three times had been through the transportation formation, so he was familiar with the transportation formation location in the Demon King’s Palace. 
In comparison to when he left, the number of In-gong’s companions had increased due to the addition of Nayatra, Silvan and Sepira. 
Unfortunately, Vandal had to stay behind in order to defend Evian. Alita and Kaparang had been sent as personnel to support the Evian mission, so they didn’t return to the Demon King’s Palace. 
‘I’m glad I got to say goodbye to Alita.’ 
Alita had come to Karamis to take care of the Black Flame Dragon, however, In-gong hadn’t been able to return to Evian and say goodbye to Vandal and Kaparang. He had strong feelings towards the comrades he had fought with on the front lines. 
In-gong opened his eyes slowly. The magic light from the formation was fading, and he was able to see those waiting for them. 
The welcome crew increased in size every time he returned through the transportation formation. This was despite the fact that several concubine children had been dispatched along with the royal children to various places around the Demon World. 
Without much difficulty, In-gong was able to find Flora, who had come to meet him. Standing next to her were the concubine children, who were part of Felicia’s faction, as well as Beiring, Karapapa and several people from Felicia’s mansion. 
Some concubine children from the previous tea party were added, so dozens of people were waiting to welcome them. 
‘It is overwhelming.’ 
In-gong smiled at Flora. However, Flora and the welcoming party seemed strangely baffled. 
Why? Was it due to the addition of Nayatra? Or was it because of Sepira’s cut off hand? 
It was unlikely. He felt sorry toward Nayatra and Sepira, but the welcoming party wasn’t really paying attention to them. It didn’t make sense that the two people would confuse everyone in the welcoming party. 
There had to be another reason, and In-gong soon saw it as he felt something familiar. 
The crowd of people, who had come here either to observe or for some other reason, split apart as a group headed toward In-gong’s party. There were several people, but the middle one was a face he had already seen a few times. 
“Mama?! Ah, no. Mother?” 
Caitlin shouted reflexively before correcting herself hastily. 
It was the 4th Queen, Elaine Moonlight. The queen of the lycanthropes smiled gracefully at Caitlin’s mistake and moved her gaze to In-gong. As always, her eyes were calm but difficult to read. Ludwig, the leader of the Blood Companions, was standing beside her with a strict expression. 
In-gong greeted Elaine, followed by Caitlin, Felicia and Silvan. 
Then Elaine replied in a gentle voice, 
“It is nice to see you. This is our first encounter in the Demon King’s Palace. Once again, welcome back.” 
Elaine was very graceful and beautiful. However, In-gong felt a sense of incongruity hearing her talk like that while still resembling Caitlin. In-gong greeted her once again, 
"Thank you for your hospitality, Your Majesty.” 
"It is natural.” 
While In-gong and Elaine were exchanging greetings slowly, the impatient Caitlin spoke, 
"Your Majesty, what brings you to the Demon Kin...” 
"It isn’t good to stand here and talk. We shall talk later so just go back to your mansion for now.” 
Elaine cut off Caitlin in the middle and stared straight at In-gong. Caitlin closed her mouth with dismay while In-gong quickly said, 
“We will do so, Your Majesty.” 
"Then Caitlin, I will see you later.” 
“Yes.” 
After Caitlin replied, Elaine said goodbye and left. In-gong looked back and muttered in a small voice to Carack,
“Do you think she will come to the mansion?’ 
"Perhaps, or maybe she intends to invite us. The queen has a mansion too.” 
It was a reasonable opinion. After all, it was better for the queen to invite the prince than the other way around. 
‘Is it because of Gerard?’ 
Gerard had escaped from the lycanthropes’ Grey Tower. Due to this, In-gong had told the lycanthropes he had taken care of Gerard. 
If it was really about Gerard, then he didn’t need to worry about why the 4th Queen had come to the palace. 
After Elaine left, the welcoming party headed toward In-gong’s group, and Flora was as serious as always. 
“Your Highness, I’m glad you’ve come back safely.” 
"I'm glad to see you, Flora. Has there been anything unusual while I was gone?” 
"The mansion is calm.” 
It was a short and quick answer. Then In-gong asked again, 
"Anything else?” 
"The schedule for the court gathering has been set." 
"Well then, won’t something happen again this time?” 
Carack asked with a serious expression. In-gong turned toward Carack. 
“Hey, what basis do you have for saying that? By the way, should you really be saying that?” 
"I gave up. Prince will be more comfortable if you give up as well. Putting down the burden will ease your mind.” 
Carack said with worldly eyes. The clear, deep eyes made it seem like he had gained spiritual enlightenment. 
In-gong huffed before turning back to the group. It seemed like all the greetings were over, so he gave an order to Carack, 
"Anyway, let's move on." 
&  
"Uhh, why do I feel like I’m back home? This can’t be.” 
As soon as they entered the parlor of In-gong’s mansion, Amita stopped imitating a pet and sighed deeply. That ominous feeling had returned. Maybe they would have to live here for the rest of their life. 
As Amita’s ominous feeling increased further, Delia lowered herself to Amita’s eye level and bowed. 
“Amita, my life was saved thanks to the armour you made. Thank you.” 
After Delia showed her appreciation, Silvan moved as well. Silvan lowered his posture next to Delia and said in a solemn voice, 
"I also want to thank you. I wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t for Amita’s sword.” 
"I'm grateful. Amita is Silvan and Delia’s saviour.” 
Felicia didn’t lower her posture, but she spoke in a lively voice. Then Amita responded in a rough voice, 
“Hrmm. What saviour? I just did what I said I would do. It is just equipment. Don’t act like this. It is disgusting.” 
They grunted, but their tail was waving in the air instead of pounding on the ground. 
Daphne and the others covered their mouths to hide their smiles. 
Whether it was because their work was appreciated or some other reason, Amita seemed quite happy. 
“This is the perfect timing to distribute some equipment.” 
"Oh, did you complete more?” 
Carack asked with shining eyes, and Amita nodded. 
"I followed this person around for close to a fortnight. It took some work.” 
They really did. After joining In-gong’s group, this was the first peaceful day in a fortnight. In fact, it wasn’t just for Amita but In-gong and Felicia as well. The two people had spent several days in turmoil because of the Famine Knight. 
"This is armour for the Great Princess.” 
Amita said, and Daphne pulled out a box. There was chainmail in the box. Every chain on the armour was so thin that at first glance, it looked like clothes made of cloth. 
“Wah, it is amazing!” 
Caitlin’s eyes shone as expected when she received the chainmail from Daphne. The chest part was covered with the scales of the black dragon. 
Amita’s tail waved as they explained, 
“There are a few spells which strengthen the body and other support magic. If you activate aura, the chainmail will adjust to fit your body.” 
Growth adjustment was a very important issue for Caitlin. According to his memory from Knight Saga, Caitlin had been at least one palm taller than she was now. 
"It is specialized in defending against ranged attacks, including aura and magic, but don’t believe in the armour too much. You might get hurt.” 
"Thank you. I love it. It is really amazing!” 
Caitlin hugged Amita and expressed her gratitude. Amita blinked repeatedly, but they didn’t reject Caitlin’s violent affection. Amita just stayed within Caitlin’s arms. 
"Now, this time, it is for you.” 
Amita glanced at Daphne, who handed a box to In-gong. In-gong opened it to find new greaves made from the scales of the black dragon.
“Greaves?” 
In-gong asked reflexively since he was already using the Dragon Scale Greaves. 
Amita sneered and said,
"Yes, it is better than what you are using now. Particularly, you can use the sacred flame that the last flame gave you. It will be much more effective. It also fits well with your dragon aura and magic power.” 
Indeed, it would be nice to have greaves which strengthened his feet techniques. 
It was just like Amita said. The performance of these new greaves was several times better than the Dragon Scale Greaves. 
In-gong gladly put the new Dragon Scale Greaves into his inventory, while Carack asked quietly, 
"Raccoon, is mine ready yet?” 
"Bah, your armour is unconditionally last. Unconditionally.” 
Carack started sulking at Amita’s decisive answer. Amita seemed to feel even better as they looked at In-gong. 
“Prince, give Night Watch to me. You won’t be fighting in the Demon King’s Palace, so this is the perfect opportunity.” 
"Are you going to improve it?” 
"I’m just looking.” 
Amita said so, but they were already reaching out for it. Unlike the last time, they were active when it came to work related to the elder dragons. 
Still, there was no reason to refuse. In-gong handed Night Watch to Amita. 
"Then I will head to the workshop.” 
Amita held Night Watch in the air with telekinesis and headed toward their workshop. Daphne could be considered Amita’s helper, so she followed along after saying goodbye to In-gong’s party. 
After the two of them left, In-gong asked Flora, 
“Flora, what is the schedule for the court gathering?” 
"Tomorrow morning." 
"It is pretty quick this time as well.” 
Carack’s words held true. Every time they returned, it felt like there was a tight schedule for the court gathering. 
"Well, it has been a few days since our report. There is no need for time.” 
Felicia didn’t seem excessively worried, but she then spoke with a slight frown, 
"The problem is the 4th Queen. Did she visit the Demon King’s Palace because of Gerard?” 
“Isn’t it highly likely?” 
In-gong agreed. The 4th Queen hardly ever came to the Demon King’s Palace, so it was hard to think of another reason. 
Felicia glanced at Caitlin and said carefully,
“That... she isn’t going tobe angry right? No matter what happened, Gerard is still the 4th Queen’s...” 
Caitlin became depressed at Felicia’s conjecture, but she couldn’t refute it. Both Caitlin and Felicia considered their brothers very precious to them, so they couldn’t deny it. 
How would they feel if Chris and Silvan had died? Even if the two people did something wrong, they would still feel resentment. 
However, In-gong shook his head. 
"It isn’t like that.” 
This wasn’t the first time In-gong had defeated Gerard. Furthermore, the lycanthropes had judged that Gerard was dead when In-gong first defeated him. At that time, they had expressed their gratitude, so it didn’t make sense to have a grudge now. 
"Indeed. That seems to be the case.” 
Felicia and Caitlin’s expressions disappeared. Felicia stroked Caitlin’s head a few times and said, 
"I’m sorry to leave as soon as I arrived, but Silvan and I will be returning to our mansion. I need to prepare for the court gathering tomorrow. Caitlin, do you want to come with me? Let’s get ready for the court gathering together. 
“I understand, Unni.” 
This time, Chris wouldn’t be present at the court gathering. So, it was a chance for Caitlyn to try a different style like she had done at Takar’s auction. 
"Shutra, I’ll see you tomorrow. Take a rest.” 
Felicia, Caitlin and Silvan left the mansion with their aides, and it became silent instantly. 
Flora had prepared water for In-gong to wash up and rest after. Then he tried to soothe the sulky Green Wind. 
‘Bah. I am not such an easy woman. I won’t fall down due to a few sweet compliments. The soft hands stroking my head are of no use.’ 
If Green Wind had a tail like Amita, it would be hitting the ground. 
In-gong listened to Green Wind grumble as he stroked her head, but she didn’t avoid his hands. Rather, her eyes showed that she was enjoying it. 
&  
The next morning, the people gathered in a room next to the court gathering and waited for their turn. 
Unlike her usual style, Felicia was dressed in a white dressed with minimal exposure, and the dress was designed to reveal all her feminine curves. 
Caitlin was wearing a pink dress which revealed her shoulders, akin to what she had worn at Takar’s auction. There was also one large ribbon which was quite cute. She was like a well-decorated doll. 
Silvan was dressed in a fancy black suit like last time, while In-gong and Carack wore a white suit and black suit, respectively. 
Carack spoke while fiddling with his bowtie,
"This is one of the few times I feel really nervous. Is is due to the clothes?” 
"That is a pretty good opinion.” 
In-gong nodded. Despite living as a prince for half a year already, it still felt strange to get so dressed up. 
Moreover, this was a court gathering—the demon king was present beyond this wall. 
'Please don’t let anything happen this time.’ 
There was always a commotion at the court gathering. 
As though she read In-gong’s heart, Felicia laughed and told everyone, 
"Release your tension. Don’t we already know about the 4th Queen? There should be no surprises.” 
"Felicia is right. Nothing will happen.” 
Silvan nodded in agreement, but In-gong felt worse after Silvan’s help. 
Then at that moment, with perfect timing, the palace servant came and informed them that it was their turn. 
They glanced at each other before heading into the court gathering. As always, In-gong was the last one to enter the court gathering. 
He could sense it the moment the door opened. Something suspicious was flowing in the air. There was clearly something different about this court gathering. 
Was it because the 4th Queen was participating in it? 
The answer was half correct. 
In-gong swallowed his bitter laughter as he saw what was before him. Up on the high dais, there was a person located at each side of the demon king. 
4th Queen Elaine Moonlight was on his left, while there was a beautiful woman located on his right side who could be Felicia’s sister. 
It was the 3rd Queen, Sylvia Doomblade. 
Felicia’s mother and queen of the dark elves... 
It was her. 
&  
"Shutra, be honest. What have you done to my child? These days, she only talks about you when she opens her mouth.” 
“Omamama?”(Traditional way for princes and princesses to call their mother, the queen) 
"Oh, that sounds like my child.”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 146 - Chapter 27: Queen #3
The demon king had five queens, but it was rare for him to be accompanied by the queens at official events. 
There were many reasons, but in the case of 3rd Queen Sylvia and 4th Queen Elaine, it was because they were queens of their respective species. 
The queens spent more time in their homes than in the Demon King’s Palace. 
When their children were still young, they had spent half the year at the Demon King’s Palace, but that had changed after the children got older. 
However, this time, two queens had visited the castle at the same time and were even accompanying the demon king to the court gathering. It wasn’t a bad thing, but it definitely wasn’t ordinary. 
“It truly is ‘Disturbance’ Shutra.” 
Silvan muttered, and In-gong didn’t bother asking him what he was talking about. Every time In-gong participated in a court gathering, something unusual had happened. So, he was given the nickname ‘Disturbance.’ 
Still, the atmosphere of the court gathering was good. Everyone had been in shock and panic when the sword duke had suddenly taken part in the court gathering, but this time was different. It seemed like they were just slightly surprised. 
‘Maybe they have adapted.’ 
This was In-gong’s fourth court gathering. Something unusual had happened four times in a row, so it was time to adapt. 
Felicia had already adapted and didn’t bother to gaze at him with stunned eyes. In fact, she seemed relieved that the situation was better than she expected. 
‘Felicia and Silvan didn’t know about it.’ 
There was no reason for 3rd Queen Sylvia to hide her visit. Since both of them were surprised, it must truly be a sudden visit.
“The 5th Prince, Silvan Doomblade.” 
Isabella, the person in charge of the Merits Department, called out Silvan’s name from where she stood at the lowest point of the dais. Although the atmosphere was somewhat different from usual due to the participation of the two queens, there was no reason why the court gathering would be different. 
Silvan raised his chin and stepped forward proudly. Felicia and Caitlin’s names were called in turn, then it was In-gong’s name. 
It was the start of the court gathering. 
&  
“Hah, it ended well.” 
As always, Felicia returned to the waiting room after the court gathering was over and sat down on a sofa while sighing. 
Like Felicia said, the court gathering had ended well without any commotions. 
Isabella had read their merits, and the nobles, who had gathered at the court gathering, had praised them. The court gathering had been the same as always, except for the participation of the two queens. 
“I’m a little sorry that I didn’t get to hear Abamama’s voice.” (Check the glossary if you forgot what this means) 
Felicia muttered while closing her eyes. The demon king hadn’t spoken during this court gathering. 
In fact, normally, the demon king wouldn’t say anything. However, he had always opened his mouth when In-gong was present at the court gathering. So, this was unexpected. 
‘There will be all types of speculation.’ 
It would start with rumours about the 9th Prince losing the demon king’s favour. 
‘But I wonder why. Is it because he had no reason to speak?’ 
In-gong had been anxious every time the demon king opened his mouth, but now, he was curious about why the demon king didn’t say anything. 
‘In the first place, I hadn’t received his favour.’ 
The demon king’s gaze toward In-gong was no different from usual. The demon king wasn’t particularly disappointed or interested. 
'Well, this is normal.’ 
In Knight Saga, the demon king never spoke much at the court gatherings. So, there was no need to worry too much. 
‘Death Knight and War Knight... and the report about the Famine Knight. As Felicia said, they weren’t mentioned in this court gathering.’ 
Although during the last court gathering, there had been a bit of political work done in order to determine where the children of the demon king should be dispatched, the court gatherings had originally just been ceremonies to announce the royal children’s merits. 
Even if the Demon King’s Palace felt a serious threat from the Knights of the Apocalypse, there was no reason to tell the story at the court gathering. 
In-gong looked at Felicia, and they exchanged glances. Felicia had similar thoughts and nodded. 
Perhaps they could hear more from the Merits Department. There was also a chance that someone from the military would come to them separately. 
As In-gong and Felicia were exchanging glances, Silvan laughed and put an arm around Felicia’s shoulder. 
“Felicia, you can hear my voice on behalf of Abamama.” 
Then he cleared his voice like he was going to give a loud speech. Felicia, as usual, covered Silvan’s mouth with her hand and looked at In-gong and Felicia. 
“Anyway, I was surprised. I didn’t think that Omamama would come.” 
In-gong and Caitlin participated in the natural change in topic. Silvan didn’t mind and just laughed pleasantly. 
Caitlin seemed to recall something and said, 
“It is the first time I’ve seen the 3rd Queen in a long time. By the way, she looks exactly the same as Unni. A very strong resemblance.” 
Her words were correct. The 3rd Queen Sylvia really resembled Felicia. The difference was that Sylvia was a little bit taller, and the tear point under her left eye made her feel more mature. 
In fact, they had different eye colours, but the resemblance was really strong. If they stood side by side, anyone would know they were family. 
'She looks like Felicia’s sister, rather than her mother.’ 
The dark elves were a species with a long lifespan. 
Despite Sylvia’s actual age, she looked like she was only in her mid-20s, making it seem like she was Felicia’s sister. 
Caitlin placed both hands on her cheek as though it was funny, while Felicia laughed and said, 
“Caitlin, I was just about to say that.” 
The 4th Queen Elaine resembled Caitlin so closely that it was like looking at Caitlin’s future self. However, there was a clear age difference. Caitlin looked like she was in her mid-teens, while Elaine seemed to be in her mid-20s. 
They looked more like mother and daughter when standing side by side than Sylvia and Felicia did. 
However, it was a good story. In-gong loosened his tie to relax and laughed. 
“Well, I’m glad it is over. I will go to the Merits Department after returning to my mansion for a bit. I’m going to rest today.” 
In order to stay with the ‘Demon King’s Palace Tour’ he had planned the other day, it was necessary to update his merit level at the Merits Department. The higher his merit level, the more places there were which he could explore. 
“Very well then.” 
Felicia and Silvan nodded in agreement. However, they seemed to be worried about something. 
“Felicia unni?” 
The moment Caitlin started talking. There was knocking on the door of the waiting room, and a voice was heard. Someone was asking if they could come in. 
“Indeed, it came.” 
Silvan muttered like he had been anticipating it and gave permission to Sepira. Sepira opened the door to reveal a well dressed male dark elf. 
He bowed respectfully to In-gong’s group and handed a piece of paper to Carack, Seira, Delia and Sepira before leaving the room. 
Once the door of the waiting room was closed, Seira spoke with wide eyes. 
“Your Highness, it is an invitation from the 3rd Queen.” 
The fancy white piece of paper was an invitation to a tea party. 
As always, Carack looked over the invitation meticulously. 
“Huh? Isn’t this today’s date? The time is two hours later?” 
The invitation to the tea party was sent two hours before it was meant to start. It was different from Baikal’s invitation which had been sent a few days ahead. 
“Really? There isn’t a mistake?” 
“Really.” 
“It is true. It is today’s date.” 
Carack and Seira responded to In-gong’s question. 
Felicia and Silvan sighed at the same time. 
“I thought she would do this. Omamama is always like this.” 
Silvan smiled and got up from his seat. Felicia held Silvan’s hand and said to everyone in the room, 
“Let’s go to our mansions together. We still have to change clothes. If we hurry, we’ll be able to make it in time.” 
There were only two hours left until the start of the tea party. They had to hurry because they wouldn’t be wearing the court gathering clothes to the tea party. 
At Felicia’s urging, In-gong’s group moved quickly. It was a little bit like they were enchanted. 
&  
The queen all had their own palaces near the Black Castle which was called the true Demon King’s Palace. 
After changing clothes at Felicia’s mansion, the group hurried into a carriage pulled by dracos and headed to the 3rd Queen’s Palace. 
The 3rd Queen’s palace was like a rugged fortress rather than an actual palace. Once inside, it contained the old-fashioned splendor which was unique to the dark elves. 
A young dark elf in the butler's outfit guided the party. They walked deeper into the palace and a great black door appeared. 
“Go in.” 
A message had been sent in advance, so the servant opened the door instantly. In the well-furnished room, an expected person was sitting down, along with an unexpected person. 
‘4th Queen Elaine?’ 
It wasn’t surprising that 3rd Queen Sylvia was present, since she was the organizer of the tea party, but he hadn’t expected to see Elaine. 
In-gong’s head became filled with complicated thoughts. Were the two people close to each other? Or maybe it was because they were now in an alliance? 
If it was the latter case, this tea party might be more important than he had first thought. 
“It isn’t difficult. This is a private place. If you look around, all of us only brought one aide.” 
Elaine spoke in a relaxed voice. As she said, there was no visible use for the reception room other than the tea party. The two women were just sitting down, drinking tea and having refreshments. 
Apart from the aides, who were like one with their master, it was a private place. 
The proof was that Elaine spoke without using honorifics with no hesitation. 
Caitlin, who knew when Elaine used honorifics and when she didn’t, relaxed her shoulders. 
It was at that moment that Sylvia gazed at Elaine and spoke in a sharp voice, 
”Elaine, I am the organizer of the tea party, so shouldn’t I be speaking?” 
“That's right.” 
Elaine shrugged casually, and Sylvia frowned. Their attitudes made it obvious that they were familiar with each other, to a certain extent. 
'Indeed, it is understandable. Both of them have no interest in their children becoming the demon king.’ 
It was almost impossible for the 1st and 2nd Queens to be friendly with each other since their children were competing. However, the 3rd and 4th Queens were different from them, since they weren’t aiming for the demon king’s throne. 
Moreover, it wasn’t an exaggeration to say that they had both boarded the same boat. 
As Elaine laughed, Sylvia turned toward In-gong’s party. She had a gentle smile on her beautiful face. 
“There is no need to be nervous since this is a private meeting. We are the only ones here, so we don’t need to be afraid of rumours.” 
“Omamama.” 
Felicia said, while Silvan’s eyes narrowed. 
“Felicia, shouldn’t you say hello?” 
It was impossible to refute the words since this was an introduction. Felicia and Silvan led the party in greeting the two queens. 
Then Sylvia’s aide, a female dark elf with red hair, assigned each party member a seat. 
Felicia and Silvan were on both sides of Sylvia, while Caitlin was on Elaine’s left. In-gong was somewhat distant from all of them, since he was assigned the opposite seat where he had to face the two queens. 
Once everyone was seated, Sylvia said elegantly, 
“Thank you for accepting my sudden invitation. The reason I prepared this today was because I wanted to talk to you.” 
Her gaze was directed at In-gong. 
It was natural. Unlike Elaine who had met him before, today was the first time Sylvia had seen In-gong. 
Of course, it was possible she had met Shutra a few times before. However, the current In-gong was very different from the past Shutra. 
In order for the dark elves to support In-gong fully as a candidate for the demon king, Sylvia needed to meet him at least once. This was a separate matter from trusting Felicia’s eyes. 
Sylvia smiled happily as In-gong faced her without avoiding her gaze. She was exactly like Felicia yet also different. There was a much more mature atmosphere around her. 
Sylvia drank her tea first, then she looked at In-gong. 
“I know enough from the court gathering, so let’s talk plainly.” 
In-gong also drank his cup of tea and calmed his breathing. What did Sylvia really want to say? 
He had no information about her because he’d had no contact with Sylvia in Knight Saga. 
The 3rd Queen, Sylvia Doomblade, stared straight into In-gong’s eyes.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter
 






Chapter 147 - Chapter 27: Queen #4
“Shutra, be honest. What have you done to my child? These days, she only talks about you when she opens her mouth. It isn’t exactly words but through her letters.” 
“Huh?” 
In-gong didn’t know what to make of this moment. 
He heard two voices speaking at the same time from different places. 
“Omamama?!” 
“Oh, that sounds like my child.” 
The first was Felicia, while the second came from Elaine. 
Elaine’s sudden remark caused Caitlin’s eyes to widen. 
“Mama? Ah, no. Mother?” 
Elaine laughed like the whole situation was amusing. She looked identical to Caitlin, but her personality was completely different. 
Sylvia didn’t pay attention to Felicia and continued speaking,
“Just two days ago, I got a letter from Felicia. It is one of the reasons why I came here today.” 
“Omamama!” 
Felicia almost screamed, but Sylvia didn’t listen. She pulled out a letter from a small box she had prepared in advance. 
“I have received a few letters, but this one is especially impressive.” 
“Oma... hup hup!” 
Sylvia was a much more skilled magician than Felicia, and she silenced Felicia’s mouth instantly with a spell. Then she opened the letter. 
“Darker than darkness, the deep night was only filled with despair. Silvan seemed like he was going to stop breathing at any moment, and I had fallen to fear. But Omamama, that is when Shutra appeared. It was so cool seeing him appear with a dark blue cloak and a glowing white light. He had led a great army while riding on a white shield and moving faster than the wind, but this time, he was even greater than that. Ah, I can still see it if I close my eyes. I felt relieved just seeing Shutra’s back. It felt like I had found the light in the darkness. Now, I can live, and Silvan can live... Ah, tears came unknowingly to my eyes. I can feel the joy bursting in my heart.” 
“Hup hup! Hup!” 
Felicia’s face reddened as she struggled to speak. 
It seemed like she had truly written the letter a few days ago. The dark elves and lycanthropes were species with queens, so exchanging letters wasn’t difficult since they had transportation formations linked directly to the Demon King’s Palace. 
Even Sylvia blushed slightly as she read the letter. Elaine spoke happily as Sylvia folded up the letter, 
“Felicia is too adorable. By the way, I also have one to read.”
“Mother?” 
Caitlin stood up and shouted. Then Elaine commanded Caitlin with strict eyes, 
“Caitlin, sit." 
Caitlin sat down reflexively. She was like a trained puppy. 
Although Caitlin had a nauseated expression, she didn’t moan or protest. Elaine nodded with a satisfied expression and pulled out a blue stone. 
“This is a voice letter Caitlin gave me a while ago.” 
Caitlyn had sent it when she left the fourth base to see Felicia off. 
As Elaine inserted magic power into the stone, Caitlin closed her eyes tightly. Caitlin’s excited voice flowed out from the magic stone. 
“Amazing! Amazing! Really amazing! He is so great and amazing that he took down the barbarian king! Shutra might even be stronger than Oppa. No, he is going to be stronger. His strength is clear. Isn’t it really amazing? Amazing!” 
As expected, it was filled with the word ‘amazing.’ 
She ran out of breath and the sound of breathing was heard. Then she said in a voice filled with joy, pride and admiration, 
“Shutra is amazing.” 
He could imagine Caitlin’s bright and sunny face easily. 
‘Master, I admit it. The Amazing Princess is really amazing. She seems a little different to me. Well, I don’t think we should be the same.’ 
Green Wind muttered into In-gong’s ear, and he stayed silent. It was normal, but he was strangely embarrassed today. 
Moreover, there was Felicia’s letter. Felicia had written the letter after being on the verge of death. Her expression looked like she was going to start crying at any moment. 
In-gong wasn’t much different. His expression didn’t change, but his face was red. 
Apart from the both of them, Caitlin was also embarrassed. She felt a sense of shame after hearing her voice through the magic stone. 
Elaine and Sylvia just laughed gracefully. 
Carack and the other aides also had to put a lot of effort into suppressing their laughter. Delia was pinching her thigh, while Seira and Sepira were biting their lips with their eyes tightly closed. 
Silvan was the only one among the children of the demon king who wasn’t embarrassed. He smiled while looking at In-gong with envious eyes. 
'Huu, hu. Relax.’ 
In-gong tried to decrease the blood flow in his face as he swallowed his tea. It was slightly helpful in recovering his calm. 
Sylvia spoke again, 
“It’s a joke. I don’t intend to criticize you, but I want to thank you sincerely.” 
Her voice and expression became sombre. She spoke as the mother of two children, not the 3rd Queen. 
“Thank you for saving Silvan and Felicia. Shutra, you are the saviour of both me and my family. Thanking you just a few times isn’t enough.” 
They weren’t empty words. In-gong could feel Sylvia’s sincerity. It was obvious that she would do anything for In-gong. 
In-gong’s lips twitched. He wanted to speak words of humility, but they didn’t emerge. 
Sylvia smiled again at In-gong’s appearance. 
“Shutra, you really do care about both of them.” 
Sylvia could feel it. It wasn’t through any schemes that In-gong had saved Felicia and Silvan. He had done it purely because he cared for both of them. 
“It is a relief. I know because I am similar to Felicia... It is easy to see the possible damage. But this time, there is no damage. I’m really glad that she is valued equally.” 
Felicia, who had just calmed down, reddened again. In-gong also agreed with Sylvia’s words. It was good that Felicia didn’t suffer any damages, which would have been possible due to her nature. 
‘This part is similar.’ 
They were different from Caitlin and her mother, who resembled each other but had different personalities. Sylvia and Felicia were equally genuine in nature, so In-gong could see Felicia in Sylvia. 
“Now, the entertainment is over, so shall we socialize?” 
Sylvia lifted the spell on Felicia and raised her teacup. 
Felicia showed some signs of resentment at the word ‘entertainment’, but it didn’t matter. 
Two hours passed by. 
Sylvia made small talk to promote their friendship. Felicia was the main subject of the chatter, but it was still a fun tea party. 
Then In-gong finally understood. 
There was a big difference in the perceptions of In-gong and the two queens. 
For In-gong, he didn’t have a lot of time to spare for the fight over the demon king’s throne. 
The Day of Massacre occurred in Year 516 in Knight Sage. This was currently Year 513, so there were only three years left. 
Moreover, the current Zephyr was much stronger than the Zephyr of Knight Saga. Maybe the incident would occur earlier than anticipated. 
However, for the two queens, dozens of years was a short time. 
The dark elves and lycanthropes were both long-lived species. 
No, it was like that for all species of the Demon World. 
The sura king, Mitra, had risen to the throne of demon king approximately 100 years ago. At the time, he had already been over 60 years old. 
On the other hand, the eldest of the royal children was only in his 20s. It was obvious there were still decades left to decide the succession. 
It was an unbelievable thing for In-gong, but he couldn’t mention the Day of Massacre to the two people. 
Maybe the Day of Massacre might not even happen. The Day of Massacre in Knight Saga happened because all the children of the demon king, except for Zephyr, were greatly damaged during the lycanthrope subjugation. 
In-gong planned to block the lycanthrope subjugation and make himself stronger than Zephyr. 
Then Zephyr wouldn’t be able to cause the Day of Massacre. 
Sylvia and Elaine were both smart and quick. They were people who could adapt quickly if the situation changed. For the time being, he didn’t have to worry too much about the difference in perception. 
‘Let’s talk about the fairy next time. I’ll give you some of the things I’ve prepared to thank you.’ 
It was the magic message Sylvia had delivered just before he left the tea party. Maybe Elaine’s intrusion was unexpected for Sylvia. 
‘Well, I don’t think it was a real intrusion.’ 
Perhaps she had invited Elaine after the court gathering. 
In-gong’s party left the palace and boarded the carriage pulled by dracos. Felicia, who had become agitated several times during the tea party, slumped down with a completely worn out expression. 
In-gong sat down next to her and suddenly became playful. He pressed his fingers to Felicia’s arms and asked, 
“Noona, was I really so cool on that day?” 
Rather than answering, Felicia stood up and struck In-gong with her fan. In-gong laughed pleasantly at Felicia’s response. 
Carack muttered something strange, causing Delia and Seira to nod with serious expressions. However, In-gong just ignored them. 
Time passed once again, and after dropping off Felicia, Silvan and Caitlin, In-gong returned to his mansion with Carack. It had gotten too late, so his visit to the Merits Department had to be postponed until tomorrow. 
"It was a fun day." 
“Yes.” 
He was completely embarrassed, but there had been many enjoyable parts. 
In-gong and Carack entered the mansion with smiling faces. 
Rather than a pleasant rest, they were met with Flora whose face was strained. A black piece of paper was in her hand. 
"It seems like today isn’t over.” 
Carack said with narrowed eyes. In-gong agreed and received the black paper from Flora. 
There was white lettering on a black background. 
The contents were pretty similar to Sylvia’s invitation. 
However, the sender was different. In-gong gave a wry smile as he read the message. 
The sender was the sura king, Mitra. 
The demon king had sent him an invitation. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 148 - Chapter 28: Demon King
The contents of the invitation didn’t change even though he read it again. 
The sender was the demon king, and the time was tomorrow morning. The place was the residence of the demon king, called the Black Castle. 
Carack received the invitation from In-gong, and his eyes widened with surprise. 
“P-prince?” 
In-gong had just handed Carack something very serious. This was a natural reaction when it came to anything related to the demon king. 
The demon king—the apex of the Demon World, and the strongest person in the Demon World. 
He had called out to In-gong. This time, it wouldn’t be a public place like the court gathering. According to the invitation, it was an informal meeting. 
The other person was the demon king, and this fact preceded their relationship of father and son. 
'This is the first time.’ 
An informal meeting with the demon king was something he had never experienced in Knight Saga. In other words, Zephyr was never invited in this way. 
In-gong wondered why the demon king had called him. 
Why had he done such a disruptive thing at each court gathering? 
In-gong took a deep breath, and many possibilities passed through his mind. The first thing he thought about was the Four Knights of the Apocalypse. 
In-gong had reported that Gerard had been the Famine Knight. The reason In-gong had been able to find out the specific word, ‘Famine’, was because Gerard had said it himself. 
In the cases of Death and War, it was a little more ambiguous. 
Gerard had been the Famine Knight and had the power of Famine. There seemed to be a commonality between the power of those with the purple aura and the red power which the barbarian king had used. Additionally, the barbarian king had said the word ‘War’. 
The keyword ‘Death’ hadn’t been said, but this was enough. If the Demon King’s Palace had information on the Four Knights of the Apocalypse, it would be easy for them to make the connection. 
Did the demon king want a more specific report? Or had he realized In-gong was the Conquest Knight? 
Maybe it could be both. There might also be a reason which In-gong couldn’t guess. It could truly just be a father and son dialogue. 
‘That is hard to imagine.’ 
Anyhow, the invitation had arrived, and there was no such thing as a veto. He could only accept the invitation. 
"Brace yourself.” 
Carack said with a serious expression. In-gong laughed bitterly and asked Flora, 
"Flora, who brought the invitation?” 
"It was a knight of the royal guards who was wearing a black cloak.” 
The classification in the Demon King’s Palace could be determined based on the colour of their cloaks. Among the knights, only the guards of the demon king could wear black cloaks. 
"As expected from the demon king’s invitation.” 
Carack said with admiration. In-gong nodded. 
“Yes.” 
The leader of the guards was Reinhardt, one of the five captains. He was a yaksha and didn’t belong to any of the factions. 
‘The Silent Reinhardt. He is a good escort of the demon king.’ 
In Knight Saga, he had always been a difficult opponent to face. 
After thinking about Reinhardt for a bit, In-gong looked at Flora and said, 
“Flora, keep this invitation a secret.” 
“I will do so.” 
Flora agreed without asking why. It was natural behaviour as a butler. 
Carack blinked and asked, 
"Prince, are you not going to even tell the princess?” 
He was referring to Felicia more than Caitlin. In-gong slightly shrugged and said, 
“She will only worry about it.” 
It would be nice to talk to Felicia who was his political adviser, but she couldn’t give any advice regarding the encounter with the demon king. From the outset, he didn’t even know why the demon king was calling. 
It was better to keep it a secret because it would just worry Felicia. Moreover, the meeting with the demon king wasn’t in the distant future but tomorrow morning. 
In-gong summarized the situation roughly and said to Carack and Flora, 
"Let’s take a break until tomorrow. And Flora, make dinner a little later than usual. Additionally, Amita, Daphne, Nayatra and Karma will be joining us.” 
"I will follow your words.” 
He had been so busy since returning to the Demon King’s Palace that he hadn’t been able to rest. It was necessary for him to think about some things. 
“Carack, I’ll be resting in my room until dinner. You don’t have to come along since I’ll be hanging out alone.” 
“Understood. Then I won’t be in the same room.” 
Carack responded with an exhausted face, and In-gong smiled back at him. Carack truly was very helpful. 
‘Then I will take a break.’ 
After the 3rd Queen’s tea ceremony, there were many things for him to think about. So, he would rest and delay his training until after dinner. 
However, that plan had to be modified the moment In-gong opened his bedroom door. The long day wasn’t over just yet. 
"You came later than I thought.” 
The 4th Queen Elaine Moonlight was sitting gracefully on a small sofa in his bedroom. As always, Ludwig was behind her. 
As he thought about the current situation, In-gong suppressed the desire to close the door and pretend not to see anything. Why was Elaine here? And why didn’t Flora tell him about Elaine’s visit? 
"I came in secret. You should pay more attention to security.” 
In-gong smiled and closed his bedroom door.  
"It is nice to see you again.” 
"This is an informal place, like the tea party, so there is no need to talk like that.” 
Elaine was the one to relax the formalities. She invited In-gong to sit in the opposite chair, and he didn’t refuse. He pushed back his fatigue as he faced Elaine. 
“Did something happen?” 
He suppressed it as much as possible but a little bit of displeasure showed. Elaine seemed to catch a glimpse of it and made an apologetic expression. 
"I couldn’t talk to you properly at Sylvia’s tea party. Shutra, you know why I came to the Demon King’s Palace, right?” 
It was just like how Sylvia couldn’t talk about the fairy. 
In-gong nodded instead of answering, and Elaine let out a long breath. 
“Gerard Moonlight. My dear brother, whom the lycanthropes were so proud of.” 
In-gong was a little bit disconcerted by the affection which dripped from her voice. Did she have a grudge against In-gong like Felicia was worried about? 
However, fortunately, it was groundless. Elaine waved her hands and said, 
"There is no need to stress. I want to thank you. It is a really funny story, but... I’m glad. Once again, I don’t have to risk my life fighting against Gerard.” 
Her brother had gone crazy. She had known there was no way other to stop him, other than to kill him. 
However, even so, he was her brother, and even now, pleasant memories rose when she closed her eyes. 
Elaine was good at hiding her feelings, but not this time. She gave a low sigh as her eyes became damp. 
In-gong didn’t dare say anything and just waited. Elaine hid all her emotions with a smile, and In-gong felt in awe as he looked at her. 
"You are becoming stronger really quickly. Like Caitlin said, you are completely amazing.” 
At the end, Elaine smiled brightly in a way which was different than normal. However, it really suited her. 
She looked just like Caitlin, so In-gong flinched involuntarily as she spoke in a manner similar to Caitlin. 
‘Master, do you like the word ‘amazing’ that much?’ 
Green Wind whispered into his ears. As a result, In-gong regained his spirit and fixed his expression quickly. 
Elaine just laughed. She let out a long breath once again and stared straight at In-gong. 
“I just wanted to thank you, Shutra. Thank you very much.” 
It was just like Sylvia at the tea party. Elaine had an innocent, pure heart. 
However, that didn’t last long. Elaine restored her confident expression and leaned back against her chair. 
“This isn’t enough. You have helped resolve a longstanding problem of the lycanthropes. If you have something you want, tell me. If I can do it, I will try hard to give you the appropriate compensation.” 
It was a very pleasant speech but confusing as well. In-gong faced Elaine as he started thinking, and the first thing that came to mind was being hit by Divine Beast Authority. 
‘Be reasonable, reasonable.’ 
It was a very attractive reward, but there was no way to convince Elaine. Being hit as a reward… nobody would be crazy enough to make the suggestion. 
It was at that moment— 
"Do you want to be hit with aura?” 
Elaine asked playfully, and In-gong flinched reflexively. Then Elaine’s expression became one of embarrassment. 
"Uh, did you really think of that?” 
In-gong was equally embarrassed and couldn’t answer right away. Elaine became more embarrassed as he stayed silent. 
“Uh, um. Yes. I respect your taste... Yes, I respect you.” 
“Ah, no! That’s not it!” 
In-gong stood up and waved his hands. 
"I would like to learn Divine Beast Authority a little deeper. I would like a spar with Queen Elaine and the leader of your guard. I was thinking about the spar and became surprised when I heard you mention aura.” 
Ludwig narrowed his eyes at In-gong’s clarification, and Elaine laughed. As In-gong sat down again, she said, 
"Hmm, it isn’t hard, but it isn’t really a reward. You will learn it anyway. A spar with Ludwig is too heavy as a reward.” 
Elaine was troubled for a moment, then finally, she sighed. 
“It can’t be helped. I will think about a separate compensation. I thought it would be easy, but it has become more difficult than I thought.”
However, there was a subtle pleasure on her face. It seemed like the process of thinking about a present was fun for her. 
As the story about the reward came to a close, Elaine pulled out a new topic. 
"Shutra, I saw your report to the Demon King’s Palace. Gerard was the Famine Knight?” 
"Yes, he said so.” 
In-gong studied Elaine’s response. Based on her frown, she didn’t know anything about the Famine Knight. 
"I am currently collecting information. Gerard was able to escape from the Grey Tower because he had become the Famine Knight. If I find anything, I will let you know.” 
It wasn’t just information sharing. 
In-gong realized that this was the support he hadn’t received in the past. Maybe the dark elves also had some information to tell In-gong. 
"I think it is time to go back. Sorry for breaking into your bedroom.” 
“It is okay. Just don’t do it often.” 
Elaine laughed at In-gong’s careful answer. 
"I really can’t say anything.” 
As though it was punishment for the joke, Elaine kissed him lightly on the forehead like he was her own child. 
“Oh, and Shutra, can I ask one more question?” 
"Tell me.” 
In-gong looked up at Elaine. Elaine came closer with a wicked expression and asked In-gong, 
"Between Caitlin and Felicia, who do you think is cuter? Well, it makes no difference if they are cute or pretty.” 
“Huh?” 
Who was prettier? What type of question was this? 
However, Elaine was quite serious. 
"It isn’t a joke. I’m serious.” 
“Uh...” 
In-gong was unable to answer. Then Elaine clicked her tongue and increased the distance. 
"I am satisfied with just that answer. It is obvious, but I am looking forward to getting to know you better. Then I’ll see you next time.” 
Elaine knocked on In-gong’s shoulder and walked out of the bedroom. It seemed like she was going out the front door, unlike when she came in. 
Flora was shocked to see her, but saw her off. In-gong apologized to Flora briefly before lying down on his bed. 
&  
The long day was over, and a new morning shone. 
In-gong had gone to bed early and started the day with his usual routine. 
An informal meeting with the demon king was an extraordinary event, but it was important to maintain his composure. 
In-gong postponed meeting Felicia and Caitlin at the Merits Department to the afternoon and left his house with a calm mind. He travelled to the Black Castle, the demon king’s residence, in a carriage. 
"I’m nervous.” 
Carack said what In-gong was thinking. He had visited the Black Castle every time for the court gathering, but it felt different today. 
The invitation had only stated that the location was the Black Castle, so In-gong thought someone would come out. 
As expected, there was someone waiting for In-gong. 
“It has been a while. In the meantime, you’ve become stronger.” 
“Sword Duke!” 
In-gong had thought a guard would be waiting for him, so he was full of pleasure at the surprise. The sword duke sent him a relaxed smile. 
"I heard about your activities. Everyone at the court gathering was astonished.” 
The sword duke was suddenly standing right in front of In-gong. In-gong couldn’t grasp the movement and stared with admiration. He still had a long way to go before he would reach the sword duke’s level. 
"It is just a little trick, so don’t be surprised. Frankly, Prince is more amazing from my perspective.” 
The sword duke had grasped it almost immediately. In-gong’s current strength was no comparison to when he had been at Thunderdoom Fortress. 
"I’d like to talk to Prince more, but unfortunately, I have to give priority to my mission. From now on, stay focused as I guide you.” 
The sword duke then spoke to Carack, 
"Please stay here. You won’t be able to follow any further.” 
Carack looked at In-gong instead of replying to the sword duke. In-gong nodded once. 
“Understood. I’ll wait here.” 
Carack replied to In-gong with a determined expression, but he couldn’t hide his worried gaze. 
"I thought it before, but Prince really has a good aide." 
The sword duke laughed before stepping forward. The surrounding landscape changed instantly. 
In-gong focused his mind like the sword duke had said to do. In-gong was sensitive to magic and could feel the strong torrents of magic power rushing around like a storm. If he was just a little bit distracted, he would get lost in the torrent of magic power. 
The sword duke continued walking, while In-gong triggered his quad-core. This process of moving along with the sword duke seemed like a test to see if he had the minimum qualifications. 
Some time passed by. 
The surrounding landscape then became fixed. 
There was a white building, reminiscent of a temple under a dark blue sky. Other than that, the darkness was so thick that In-gong couldn’t see anything other than the building. In-gong and the sword duke were standing on the stone stairs leading to the building. 
"I can only go with you up to here. The demon king is there.” 
The sword duke pointed to the white building. 
Taking a deep breath, In-gong took a step forward. 
Then finally, beyond the staircase, the demon king was there, standing in the middle of the building. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 149 - Chapter 28: Demon King #2
White floors, pillars and ceilings—other than that, it was just a lot of space, and the demon king stood out from where he was standing in the center. 
He didn’t look back. His black hair was longer than In-gong had thought it would be as it reached his waist. The dark blue cloak made the presence of the demon king even clearer.  
In-gong had always been looking at his seated form in the court gatherings from a distance, but he now approached the back of the demon king. 
In-gong swallowed his saliva. His mouth was dry. Just approaching the demon king made his breathing rough.  
Was it due to the huge pressure?  
The demon king wasn’t emitting power. He kept silent just like he did in the court gathering. 
However, as he narrowed the distance, the demon king simply maintained his position. In-gong
 understood the presence this man had and the reason why he had the position of the demon king. 
The demon king turned around, and In-gong stopped walking reflexively. The distance between them was about five meters, so there wouldn’t be any difficulty in communicating. 
In-gong looked up at the demon king. It was the first time In-gong had been so close to him. 
The demon king’s eyes were red, and In-gong was reminded of Felicia. Felicia’s and Silvan’s red eyes resembled the demon king. 
However, the demon king’s eyes were quite different from the two of them. His red eyes were more similar to that of the sword duke. 
The sword duke’s eyes seemed to be able to see through anything. 
What did the demon king see? How far did he see into In-gong? 
"9th Prince Shutra, I greet the demon king.” 
Tension filled In-gong as he opened his mouth. He had practiced this many times in advance, so he didn’t go too fast or stutter. Instead, he spoke in a calm voice.
In-gong was facing the demon king, someone who had so little contact with his children that just simply talking at the court gathering was a shock. Why had the demon king demanded a clandestine meeting? 
The demon king opened his mouth to reply. His voice sounded slightly more emotional than it had been at the court gathering, but it was still dry. 
"You have come, Semita’s child.” 
Semita Ignus, the 5th Queen who had now left the world—she was the daughter of the gandharva king, Karuta, and Shutra’s mother. 
It was an unexpected title. Did the 5th Queen have a larger presence on the demon king than In-gong thought? Or was it a title that indicated some distance? 
In-gong was reminded of the tea party he had with 3rd Queen Sylvia. 
Sylvia truly loved the demon king. There was a slight change in her eyes and voice every time she mentioned him. 
4th Queen Elaine was different. For her, the demon king was a business partner who couldn’t be avoided. She didn’t hate the demon king, but she didn’t love him. 
What was the relationship between the demon king and the 5th Queen? Was it due to his memories of the 5th Queen that In-gong was called here today? 
It couldn’t be. It wasn’t possible. 
In-gong simplified the complex thoughts in his head. Rather than avoiding the demon king’s gaze, In-gong faced him like it was the court gathering. 
The demon king smiled. 
It was a small smile, but he definitely did it. 
In-gong was able to understand the minds of those who attended the court gathering. He hadn’t understood why they were amazed every time the demon king spoke, but In-gong understood now. He felt his head go blank just because the demon king smiled. 
The demon king gazed at In-gong calmly and said, 
"Semita’s child was born into this world without a soul. Poor Semita thought it was a heavenly punishment for the sin of the gandharva.” 
In-gong took a deep breath. The words contained a story which couldn’t be overlooked. 
A child born without a soul... 
The gandharvas’ sin... 
He couldn’t understand the ‘no soul’ part easily. What did it mean? Had Shutra been incompetent because he had no soul? 
The sins of the gandharva were easily linked in his head. Currently, the gandharva as a whole species were confined, and the reason for such a punishment was due to the ‘sin of the gandharva’. 
If so, what did they do wrong? When thinking about the cause-and-effect, it was a crime committed before Shutra’s birth. 
There were many things In-gong  wanted to ask, but he was patient. The demon king hadn’t finished speaking yet. He was still looking at In-gong. 
“But now a strong soul is present. If Semita saw you now, she would have liked it very much.” 
Shutra had become In-gong. 
The empty vessel was filled with In-gong’s essence. 
How much did the demon king know? Had he noticed that In-gong was a separate person from Shutra? Or did he think it was just Shutra’s transformation? 
The latter possibility was slightly higher. There was no reason to add that 5th Queen Semita would be delighted with this. 
‘No, this is meaningless.’ 
In-gong had become Shutra; they had already become one. Standing here were both Shutra and In-gong. 
The demon king’s gaze moved away. It was a gaze which was looking at both In-gong and the surroundings. 
In-gong understood instinctively that the demon king was different from the sword duke. It was clear the demon king was looking at something the sword duke couldn’t see. 
The demon king’s gaze turned back to In-gong again. His voice was low and heavy, but it wasn’t cold. 
“Shutra, Semita’s child, you have become strong very quickly. I look forward to you becoming stronger in the future. The torrent of destiny is swirling around you.” 
The modification of fate— 
The demon king felt it. It had been there since he first encountered In-gong at the court gathering, and it was the same with every meeting after that. 
Thus, the demon king made his decision. 
"I called you today to see if the sword duke’s words were true and to make a judgement.” 
Those with purple energy and red energy were attacking various places in the Demon World... 
And someone who claimed to be the Famine Knight had appeared in this world. 
In-gong had encountered all of them. The torrent of destiny was swirling around them.
"The strongest person must rise to the demon king’s throne. This is because the demon king isn’t the one who rules the Demon World, but the one who protects it.” 
In-gong was reminded of the destroyed indigenous species. How much did the demon king know? How much did he know about the Four Knights of the Apocalypse? Or did he consider the Four Knights of the Apocalypse a challenge, just like the sword duke? 
In-gong realized it was useless to think about this as it was all the same to him. The demon king was the one who protected the Demon World, so all threats were the same to him. Just like the sword duke said, he had to become strong enough to defeat them. 
The demon king raised his right hand slowly. 
"The accomplishments I’ve achieved —the sword duke called them extreme nothingness. I don’t like putting down a name for it, but Shutra, you should know. It isn’t easy to defeat his stubborness.” 
The demon king gave a small laugh. It was hard to imagine since the demon king had only be seen at the court gathering, but this could be called the true image of the demon king. 
"I will leave something to you. It is the Seed of Extreme Nothingness. I hope you will be able to germinate it someday. I hope to see you reach beyond the limits of what I have achieved.” 
It was one of the reasons for calling In-gong here. The demon king was suffering from a deep illness and wanted to place a bet on the future that the sword duke saw. 
The demon king stretched out his hand. The distance between In-gong and the demon king narrowed, and the demon king laid a big hand on In-gong’s head. 
"The only ones who have received this are Zephyr and you. Even if the sword duke guided you here, you made it this location with your own strength, unlike Baikal and Anastasia.” 
The demon king didn’t speak anymore. 
In-gong closed his eyes naturally. It was the same as when the sword duke gave him the Sura Heart Law. The demon king’s blue aura enveloped In-gong’s body. 
It was like a lightning bolt, and In-gong shrieked silently in pain. 
At that moment, the white woman’s desperate voice was heard from far away. It was similar to Green Wind’s howling. 
‘Conquer. Obedience and rule.’ 
Divine Sura Authority responded. 
In-gong opened all his powers, including the dragon heart and Moonlight Core. He needed to accept something he couldn’t bear. 
It was only for a moment, but it also seemed to last for eternity. 
It was engraved deep into In-gong’s soul. Then a woman’s voice rang in his ears, 
[Extreme Nothingness Lv 0 has been learnt.] 
It was like when he first encountered Conquest’s power. This was a power which wasn’t available to him yet, but it was obvious to In-gong that it was inherently strong. 
Extreme nothingness—this was the demon king’s greatest treasure even when he was dying of illness. 
It was natural that the power of Conquest couldn’t dominate it. 
However, that didn’t mean it wasn’t successful. In-gong felt a change to his body—the balance within had been shaken due to the addition of the dragon heart. That balance was completely broken and aligned into a new balance. It was the effect of Extreme Nothingness which In-gong hadn’t even opened yet. 
The demon king saw such a change in In-gong. Even Zephyr had found the Seed of Extreme Nothingness hard to accept in its sealed state, so the demon king couldn’t help admiring In-gong. 
“I’m amazed, but don’t be unreasonable. There is no need to be too hasty.” 
However, the demon king’s voice didn’t reach In-gong. In-gong had already lost consciousness as a white light shone from his body. It was in order to endure the physical changes more efficiently. 
The demon king looked at In-gong and cast a magic spell in the air. The sword duke came like the wind and grabbed In-gong. He observed the changes taking place in In-gong’s body and laughed. 
"Once again, he really is amazing.” 
Instead of replying, the demon king smiled. However, that didn’t last long. He staggered like he had felt a sudden dizziness and cast magic. A chair sprouted from the ground to support his body. 
“Are you okay?” 
The sword duke asked with a frown. His worried eyes and voice showed the warmth of a teacher toward his disciple. 
Rather than immediately replying to the sword duke’s question, the demon king sat down. He didn’t miss the other meaning in the sword duke’s question. 
Was it okay to pass the Seed of Extreme Nothingness to the 9th Prince like he had also shared it with 2nd Prince Zephyr? 
It was a question which didn’t even need to be discussed. The demon king closed his eyes and rasped, 
"Sword Duke, you should know. It is enough for the strongest person to rise to the seat of the demon king. Whether they are blood related or not, it doesn’t matter.” 
It was the law that only the demon king’s children could become the next demon king. Although every child of the demon king followed this law, it was meaningless to the demon king. 
The sword duke nodded silently. He agreed with the demon king’s idea that the strongest person should become the demon king. Furthermore, the sword duke knew about the secret of the 9th Prince’s birth. He knew how much 5th Queen Semita had loved the demon king. 
The fact that the demon king’s blood didn’t flow in the 9th Prince wasn’t important to the sword duke, since the 9th Prince had already been acknowledged. 
"I will return to the Holy Land after bringing 9th Prince back. Stay healthy until we meet again.” 
"You too.” 
The sword duke disappeared like the wind after the short exchange of farewells. 
Once alone, the demon king looked up at the dark sky slowly. 
The demon king read the fate of the Demon World... 
And he felt the strong torrents of destiny around both Zephyr and In-gong. 
The demon king’s illness was progressing faster than expected. 
The demon king closed his eyes, and he fell into a deep sleep for a while. 
&  
Guardian Queian raised his head. 
In the south, he looked toward the north and knew he could no longer delay. 
Of the six elder dragons who guarded and maintained this world, there were only three remaining. Watcher Ainkel and Violet Kaltein were no longer present. Recorder Torres had fallen into a deep sleep he couldn’t wake up from. 
The only ones left, aside from Queian, were the Great Enkidu and Cruel Talia. 
Soon, there would be a great fight, and the fight had to end the burning of the Demon World. It absolutely couldn’t reach the Human World. 
“Go, my child. Become the sword and shield to protect the Human World.” 
His voice was filled with magic. The words of blessings went far away from Queian’s lair. 
From south to north... 
The child of Guardian Queian, the warrior Locke moved with his colleagues.
They headed toward the Demon World. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 150 - Chapter 29: War Destruction
As he recovered consciousness, there was a series of changes. 
In-gong opened his eyes slowly as he regained consciousness. The time till In-gong truly woke up was getting shorter. 
In-gong blinked. At that moment, a woman appeared in the air and hugged In-gong tightly. A loud voice woke In-gong up, 
“Master! You’re awake?!” 
In-gong woke up because of her. There was a heavy but comfortable pressure on his chest as In-gong shook his head. When he stared in front of him, he saw a green haired beauty smiling at him. 
“Green Wind.” 
“That’s right. It is Green Wind. I am not Greenie.” 
Green Wind made the antlers on her head smaller than usual and rubbed her cheek against In-gong’s chest. In-gong narrowed his eyes as he felt hungrier than usual. 
“Green Wind, how long has it been?” 
He asked while stroking her head. Then Green Wind answered as she enjoyed the touch, 
“A week. Master was asleep for a week.” 
It was longer than he had expected. Somehow, he was hungry despite being full of power. 
In-gong closed his eyes for a moment and searched through his memories. The last memory was of his meeting with the demon king. 
The sins of the gandharva that the demon king mentioned... 
Additionally, the Seed of Extreme Nothingness which the demon king had given to him. 
'Somehow, I feel reborn.’ 
It wasn’t a mere feeling. The balance in his body was fixed, and the original aura heart and Moonlight Core were now strengthened, just like when the dragon heart had absorbed the crystal magic power. Aura and magic power blended together naturally. 
'Was it some type of metamorphosis?’ 
His overall stats had also risen slightly. Thanks to the Seed of Extreme Nothingness, his body was now optimized. 
‘Zephyr and I, we are the only two.’ 
Zephyr had also received the Seed of Extreme Nothingness from the demon king. Perhaps the reason why this Zephyr was stronger than the one in Knight Saga was because of the Seed of Extreme Nothingness. 
‘Extreme Nothingness.’ 
The sword duke’s name for it was very good, and In-gong could agree with that name. The only word which could express the absolute strength of the demon king was extreme. 
How did Zephyr make use of the Extreme Nothingness? Furthermore, could In-gong conquer the Extreme Nothingness? 
A smile formed on In-gong’s face. If Carack was here, he would say that In-gong was burning with ambition. 
It was just Zephyr and In-gong who had received the Seed of Extreme Nothingness. Before In-gong had appeared, Zephyr had been the sole contender in the race to become the demon king’s successor. 
In-gong had caught up with Zephyr in this area. Far from being fazed about the Extreme Nothingness which was difficult to conquer, Conquest was actually excited. 
“Oh, Prince. You woke up?” 
A voice interrupted In-gong while he was thinking. It was a face he had wanted to see as much as Green Wind’s. 
“Carack.” 
As In-gong called out his name, Carack smiled and walked over to the bed. 
"The sword duke brought Prince back. He said you would sleep for a week in the aftermath of the demon king’s teachings, but you really did wake up after a week.” 
As always, it was Carack who explained the situation to In-gong. Before In-gong carried on with the conversation, In-gong touched his belly, and a rumbling sound was heard from the area. 
"Carack, let’s eat first. I am hungry.” 
After all, he had been starving for a week. 
"It hasn’t been prepared. Wait a bit, and I’ll get it for you.” 
Carack answered reliably and left the room. Regardless of what happened around her, Green Wind just closed her eyes and leaned her head on In-gong’s chest. He took a short nap. 
&  
"6th Princess and 8th Princess came to visit everyday.” 
Green Wind released In-gong as he sat up with a tray of food in front of him. 
After hearing that Felicia and Caitlin came everyday, In-gong felt grateful and satisfied. He was sorry that he worried them, but it was good to feel treasured. 
In-gong tore a piece of warm bread and asked, 
"Has anything big happened in the last week?” 
"There was nothing big. If you want information, the boss will come soon.” 
Carack said while looking at the door, and Nayatra entered the room with perfect timing. 
“Your Highness.” 
She bowed gracefully, as always, and looked at the food in front of In-gong before she started speaking, 
“While Your Highness was unconscious, I gathered information about the situations of the other royal children.” 
Yes, Nayatra was truly competent. 
In-gong nodded, and Nayatra resumed speaking with a small smile. 
This was the simple summary of what she said: 
In the north where 1st Prince Baikal and 2nd Prince Zephyr were located, there was tension after a big battle. 
The part of the Northern Limit Line, where Baikal was located, was in fact a highly disputed area where small battles occurred frequently. 
Zephyr was located on the northern front, but it was an area with fewer battles. Zephyr, who had finished a big fight with great victory, wasn’t satisfied with defense. Instead, he advanced to the north, across the line, and attacked. 
Just like Silvan, Chris had gone to the north-east region and experienced a number of battles, but the frequency was relatively low. 
Finally, Anastasia and Victor had gone west, and it was peaceful there. Unlike the eastern barbarians, the barbarians beyond the Western Limit Line were waiting quietly. 
‘They will be impatient.’ 
If nothing happened, they wouldn’t be able to build up merits. Anastasia was seriously aiming for the throne of the demon king, so she wouldn’t be satisfied with peace. 
"Thank you, that was helpful.” 
The information was really helpful, so those weren’t just empty words. Nayatra had been able to gather such detailed information on this matter that he felt sorry towards Carack. However, Nayatra was the best in the field of information. 
“Thank you. I am glad that you are satisfied.” 
Nayatra replied with a wide smile, completely different from her old nickname of ice princess. In-gong felt better and asked Nayatra, 
"Uh, Nayatra. Is that a whip?” 
A rolled up leather whip was hanging from Nayatra’s waist. Nayatra nodded quickly at In-gong’s question and replied, 
"Yes, in fact, I specialize in whipping.” 
Her eyes were shining like she was expecting something. In-gong thought about what to do with this deep-rooted misunderstanding and decided to put it aside. Looking at In-gong’s life, it was natural the misunderstandings would remain. 
‘As long as it doesn’t get deeper.’ 
Nayatra’s gaze was hot as she stared at In-gong, and Carack just chuckled. 
"So. Prince, what are you going to do today?” 
There were three choices for In-gong. 
One, go with Felicia to the library. 
Two, train with Caitlin. 
Three, walk around alone. 
In the cases of the first two choices, they both had distinct purposes. 
If he met Felicia, he could investigate the Four Knights of the Apocalypse as well as ask her about 3rd Queen Sylvia. 
Additionally, he had to talk to Sylvia about Silvan’s fairy. Sylvia had said she would prepare some compensation next time, but In-gong had rescued Felicia and Sylvia because he had wanted to. However, he didn’t intend to refuse any compensation. 
The meeting with Caitlin also included the meeting with 4th Queen Elaine. 
He didn’t have to converse with her like he had to with Sylvia, but she still needed to reward him for killing Gerard. 
No matter which of the two he chose, it would be a joyful meeting with a beautiful girl. 
However, after some deliberation, In-gong chose the third option. 
"A whole week has passed.” 
It had been more than a week since he arrived at the Demon King’s Palace. Looking back at the past, it was his longest stay. 
He didn’t know what would happen again, so he had to do the Demon King’s Palace tour when there was still time. 
"Well, Prince’s senses are good, so I will stay by your side.” 
Instead of asking why, In-gong started moving immediately. He sent a letter to Felicia and Caitlin stating he had woken up safely, then he left his mansion with Carack. 
"Now, let's get started." 
It was an opportunity to use his knowledge from Knight Saga. In-gong hurried as he thought this. In order to complete his planned tour in one day, fast progress was essential. 
This was a rough summary: 
After arriving at an old fountain on the outskirts of the town in the Demon King’s Palace, In-gong threw in a gold coin he had prepared in advance. Then a translucent blue soul appeared over the fountain. 
The old man parted his lips slowly, 
"You, according to the guidance of good luck...” 
"Flitcher.” 
In-gong said briefly and the soul became confused. In-gong continued without caring, 
"The name of the man who drove you to your death is Flitcher. And this is a bottle that contains his soul after he died.” 
In-gong pulled out a bottle from the inventory, and the soul of the old man blinked in shock. 
“H-how? I never said...” 
However, once again, In-gong didn’t listen. He threw the bottle on the floor and covered it with holy water he had prepared in advance. Then with a short scream, Flitcher’s soul, which was in the bottle, disappeared. 
"Now, I have resolved your grudge. Aren't you thankful? So quickly give me compensation.” 
The old man, who had been staring at the bottle blankly, woke up at In-gong’s words. He looked at In-gong with a face full of chagrin before disappearing. 
Carack, who had seen this sight several times, clicked his tongue and said, 
"You are cruel.” 
"There is no time.” 
In-gong recovered the magic necklace left behind in the place where the soul had disappeared and moved to the next area immediately. 
After that, In-gong travelled all over the palace: opening up secret bookcases; destroying a statue which moved in the daytime; and opening up a treasure storehouse in a basement. 
Considering the problem of time and the butterfly effect, In-gong skipped character related quests and only proceeded with the quests associated with specific places. In fact, there were some quests which weren’t so rewarding, but In-gong did them all. It was better than no compensation at all, and it would be a shame if Zephyr obtained them. 
After a long tour, it was sunset. 
In-gong couldn’t help but feel satisfied as he looked at his inventory. He had gained many quest items thanks to his knowledge of Knight Saga. 
'There are still quite a lot left.’ 
The area he roamed today was just inside the Demon King’s Palace. However, there were still facilities, such as the library, remaining, so there were still a few pleasures left. 
"Your stamina is good. Isn’t it hard?” 
It was a tiring day wandering around the Demon King’s Palace. Carack tapped on his legs like he was in pain, and In-gong laughed brightly. It was because his stats were ridiculously high compared to his level. 
‘I should focus more on Carack’s growth. His persistence should increase.’ 
In-gong modified Carack’s nurturing plan instantly and used recovery magic before heading back to the mansion. 
As expected, there were guests waiting at In-gong’s mansion. 
“Shutra is too much.” 
“That’s right, too much.” 
"I guess he really is like the wind.” 
Caitlin, Felicia and Silvan spoke in turn. 
Upon receiving news that In-gong had woken up, the three people visited the mansion and had to wait hours for In-gong to return. 
“Sorry.” 
Caitlin swelled up at In-gong’s apology, while In-gong’s eyes narrowed. Despite the fairy still not being stabilized, Silvan was the only relatively calm one in the room. 
In-gong sat down and started comforting Caitlin and Felicia. Flora came in with timely refreshments. 
"Did you receive a new teaching from the sword duke?” 
Felicia asked with an anxious face. 
A week ago, the sword duke had instructed Carack to hide In-gong’s encounter with the demon king. 
There had  already been an uproar just from the demon king calling his name at the court gathering. 
In-gong had been informed by Carack beforehand and nodded silently.
"Yes, you don’t have to worry about it. I am much healthier than I was a week ago.” 
Of course, he didn’t intend to hide the meeting from Felicia and Caitlin, but there was no need to talk about it now. That talk was too complicated. 
Caitlin smiled at In-gong’s words and said,
“Shutra is correct. His aura has a very stable feel.” 
There was no sense of incongruity with the dragon heart now. 
"Umm, what does Silvan think?” 
Felicia was pretty ignorant about aura, so she wanted to check with Silvan. Silvan looked at In-gong with moist eyes and said, 
"I’m just envious.” 
In-gong had received the teachings of the sword duke not once but twice. 
Silvan’s appearance was quite pitiful, but thankfully, the topic was changed. 
“Shutra, I have something to say.” 
Caitlin glanced at Felicia before talking.
“In a few days, I will leave for the north-east to help Chris. Felicia unni and Silvan oppa will also leave the Demon King’s Palace.” 
"Both of you are going to help Chris hyung?” 
Felicia shook her head at In-gong’s question. 
"No, we have decided to go home with Omamama. We will pick up more crew members for the Black Flame Dragon and check Silvan’s condition.” 
He was stable thanks to In-gong, but they couldn’t rest assured just yet. 
“You don’t have to worry. I am healthy.” 
Silvan laughed and spread his arms wide open. Felicia hit Silvan’s shoulder and while she watched Caitlin, Felicia opened her mouth, 
“So, it makes sense...” 
Felicia’s gaze headed back to In-gong. Then she asked with a warm smile, 
"Shutra, do you want to come with us to the home of the dark elves? Haven’t you visited the lycanthropes? So, you should also visit the home of the dark elves to balance it out.” 
“Um, I agree.” 
Silvan supported her from the side. Then Caitlin shouted,
"Unni is mean! We decided to say it together.” 
"Yes, so say it now.” 
Felicia’s eyes widened as she turned away from Caitlin’s gaze. Caitlin puffed up her cheeks before turning to In-gong. 
"Shutra, do you want to go with me to help Chris oppa? Chris oppa has been alone for so long. Oppa will want to see Shutra.” 
In-gong remembered Chris’ face for a moment. It was likely that he wanted to see Caitlin more than In-gong. 
‘Anyway, they both want me to go with them.’ 
It was embarrassing but also a very pleasant situation. 
'Master, your smile is evil.’ 
Green Wind muttered in his ear. In-gong tried to think seriously as he fixed his expression. 
However, his worries didn’t last long. Flora entered the room again and handed him a letter. 
"Indeed, Prince’s senses is correct.” 
He could see that it was a letter from the Merits Department. Instead of replying to Carack, In-gong opened the envelope and read the letter. 
As expected, it was about the new mission. 
‘
9th Prince Shutra, depart from the Demon King’s Palace at noon in four days to support the 3rd Prince Victor Nekrion and 4th Princess Anastasia Nekrion.
’ 
Anastasia Nekrion... 
The daughter of the demon king, who was the leader of one of three factions with Baikal and Zephyr. 
It was time to face her. 
&  
“Then I will go with Shutra.”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 151 - Chapter 29: War Destruction #2
In-gong showed the order to Felicia, Silvan and Caitlin. Felicia narrowed her eyes and said, 
"Why Anastasia unni?” 
It would have been nice if he was sent as support for Chris or even for Baikal. 
Even though it was better than going to support Zephyr, it still wasn’t an easy task for In-gong. 
However, this had been decided by the Merits Department. Unless there was a reasonable justification, he couldn’t refuse the mission just because their factions were different. 
'Of course, that doesn’t mean there is no method to do it.’ 
He could give up the mission by using illness as an excuse. 
However, that was merely a workaround. It was obvious it would have an adverse effect on the achievements he had accumulated. 
‘It is time to face her.’ 
He couldn’t avoid his other siblings forever just because they were in different factions. Moreover, unlike Zephyr, In-gong had no intention of murdering the other children of the demon king. If it was possible, he wanted to form a friendly relationship with Baikal or Anastasia. 
‘It seems quite difficult.’ 
Although Baikal was unknown, Anastasia was hard to deal with. It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that her desire to become the demon king was the greatest among all his children. 
What would happen if Anastasia became the demon king? Although she was called the female Zephyr among the Knight Saga fandom, she wouldn’t cause the Day of Massacre like Zephyr would. 
'But... she might carry out a political purge.’ 
In any case, it was clear she was better than Zephyr. At Baikal’s tea party, she hadn’t expressed any direct hostility to her other siblings. Moreover, it might be In-gong’s own thoughts, but Anastasia seemed quite favourable to Baikal. Not only were Anastaia’s and Baikal’s factions different, but they were also strong contenders in the fight against the demon king. 
In-gong recalled Anastasia’s face as he thought about something else. 
Why was he being sent to support Anastasia? 
According to the information gathered by Nayatra, Anastasia didn’t require support. The western area, where she was staying, was peaceful. 
There were two possibilities he could think of: 
Either the situation had changed in the past few days, or there were some hidden intentions regarding the mission. 
Just like Evian which In-gong had been in charge of, the information from the west wasn’t delivered to the Demon King’s Palace in real time. Even if Nayatra had a gift with information, there was a limit to what could be gathered after just entering the Demon King’s Palace. Perhaps the western situation which had been reported to In-gong today was based on information from a few days ago, while the Merits Department had more updated information. 
‘If the situation hasn’t changed, is someone behind this?’ 
However, who would do this? 
Unlike the previous mission on the Enger Plains, this mission wasn’t one from the demon king. 
The duties assigned to each child of the demon king were established with fairly high standards by the Merits Department. Therefore, it was difficult for someone to manipulate the missions. 
Of course, a captain was capable of doing it if they were determined. However, it was easy to be discovered, and the risk was too great. There was also no reason for the captains to manipulate this mission. 
‘Richard and Yecaderina are capable of doing so.’
However, there was no motivation for either of them to do so. Richard had used the march toward Evian to try and test In-gong’s skills, but he had gone quiet after that. Moreover, he was now on the northern frontier, not at the Demon King’s Palace. 
‘Although he is walking on a tightrope, he isn’t the type to do this.’ 
Similarly, the succubus captain, Yecaderina, was too smart for something like this. 
Based on the laws of elimination, In-gong presumed the situation in the west had changed. Or maybe In-gong was just making it more complicated than it was. 
Unlike the other children of the demon king, ‘Shutra’ had completed his first task for the Merits Department at 14 years old. The number of missions he had completed were inevitably fewer than the other demon king’s children. 
The Merits Department treated the children of the demon king as fairly as possible, ignoring the relationship between factions. It was possible the mission to support Anastasia was a belated mission. 
While In-gong was thinking about this alone, Felicia, Caitlin and Silvan had different thoughts. 
Among the three, Felicia was the first one to open her mouth, 
“Then I will go with Shutra.” 
Felicia spoke suddenly. She shrugged and said, 
"You are going to see Anastasia unni, not some other person. Didn’t everybody see it at Baikal’s tea party? I can’t send Shutra alone.” 
Felicia had fended off Anastasia’s remarks during Baikal’s tea party. The two didn’t have a bad relationship, but Felicia alone had blocked all of Anastasia’s strikes toward In-gong. 
"Moreover, there is the issue of reinforcements. The dark elves and lycanthropes can’t send reinforcements without Caitlin or me being there.” 
Her words were irrefutable. It was controversial for reinforcements to be sent to those who weren’t of their own blood. 
There was no objection to this statement. 
Silvan, who was supposed to return home with Felicia just a few moments ago, had an expression of regret on his face, but he nodded in agreement. 
In response to the dark elf siblings, Caitlin licked her lips in distress, but in the end, she gave a long sigh. 
“I will go to help Chris oppa as planned. Anastasia unni and Victor oppa are in the west, and Felicia unni will follow. There isn’t any apparent danger, and... I feel like I have left Chris oppa alone for too long. So, I want to see Oppa.” 
Despite the different factions, the siblings would still fight together, and Caitlin truly had a lot of affection for Chris. 
Caitlin’s words brought warmth to everyone’s faces. Among them, Silvan was especially impressed as he stared at Caitlin with moist eyes. 
“I’m envious of Chris. He has a praiseworthy sister.” 
Silvan stroked Caitlin’s head, unable to hide the envy in his voice. 
Caitlin turned bright red at Silvan’s remark and said,
"Well, aren’t I also Silvan oppa’s sister?” 
“Heok.” 
Silvan grabbed his chest like he had been struck. It was obvious his heart had received a hit. 
“I-I see. You are already my sister. B-but Felicia...!” 
Silvan looked at Felicia with a frown, and Felicia hit Silvan on the head with her fan. She spoke with a prim expression,
"It isn’t about that, and Silvan knows this perfectly well.” 
Felicia wasn’t without any affection toward Silvan. She had wanted to go home to the territory of the dark elves due to Silvan’s fairy. 
However, this had a higher priority. 
Silvan smiled like he understood and said,
"Yes, I won’t insist in this situation. Moreover, I am also Shutra’s knight. I can’t be too greedy. As soon as the maintenance of the Black Flame Dragon is over, I will fly to the west. 
Silvan spoke in a simple manner while staring at In-gong with a serious expression. It was quite a burdensome sight, so In-gong quickly turned his gaze toward Caitlin, who smiled. 
"Shutra, let me know if you ever need my help. Understand?” 
“Noona as well. Please contact me if you ever need me. I will go running towards your location.” 
“Faster than the wind?” 
"Eung.” 
The atmosphere was a bit embarrassing, but In-gong agreed. 
As In-gong and Caitlin smiled at each other, Felicia opened her fan with a loud sound and caught everyone’s attention. 
“Anyway, the time we have is quite short. Maybe we should move after the reinforcements join, just like at Evian.” 
They still had three days to spare, but today was almost over. They could save time by sending the reinforcements from Evian to the west, but Alita was the leader of the reinforcements, and she was currently in Karamis with the Black Flame Dragon. It was unreasonable to suddenly call her to the west. 
It was at that moment that a new voice was heard from the entrance of the room. 
"Well, it was noisy, so I thought everybody would be gathered.” 
“Amita?” 
Caitlin cried out reflexively. Indeed, Amita and Daphne were standing at the entrance to the room. 
As all their eyes gathered on Amita, Amita laughed and then shouted with both arms wide open. 
“This Amita has finished!” 
Amita jumped down and ran toward the sofa in a good mood. Daphne put down a box in front of In-gong. 
“Now, the improved version of Night Watch.” 
Inside the box, there was a dark blue cloak. Amita spoke while their tail tapped on the sofa. 
"The flying ability and defense capabilities have been strengthened, and the daily usage of Blink has increased from three to five times. How about it?” 
“As expected from Amita.” 
It was just basic specs work, but this was good too. Amita felt better after In-gong’s appropriate reaction and said, 
"I also made the armour for the orc.” 
"Oh, really?" 
Carack asked with wide eyes. He hadn’t expected anything because his order was last in the sequence. 
Amita smiled and replied,
"I tried to postpone it until the last, but I ended up finishing it. Come to the workshop later. I prepared something that fits a heavy but ignorant guy very well.” 
"I understand, thank you." 
Carack smiled brightly at Daphne, who also smiled back. Maybe it was because of her that Carack’s order had been pulled forward.
"So, what were you talking about?” 
Amita asked while flopping down on the sofa, and In-gong showed them the command from the Merits Department. 
“A new mission has been received. This time I will go to the west. Do you know Curtis?” 
"Uhh, west... is that Curtis? I dislike it because there is a lot of rain.” 
Amita muttered with an upset face. Then In-gong smiled and asked, 
“Do you want to follow me?” 
"It isn’t following but being dragged along! Don’t talk like that while smiling!” 
Amita stood up and banged their tail on the sofa. In-gong told Amita, 
“It is okay. This time, please wait at the Demon King’s Palace.” 
“What? Really?” 
"Yes, it is fine.” 
This was just a support mission. Whether he liked it or not, he was highly likely to encounter Anastasia several times, and In-gong didn’t want her to know about Amita’s existence. 
‘I have to leave Nayatra behind as well.’ 
Her interrogation abilities were useful, but there was a task he wanted her to prioritize. Nayatra would lay down the foundations of the information organization as well as investigate the gandharva’s sins. 
Daphne was in charge of Amita, so she would be left behind as well. This time, only Carack and Karma would go. 
While Amita was expressing their happiness about not having to follow In-gong, In-gong tried to recall the western area of the Demon World from Knight Saga. The first things which came to mind were the giants. 
They were a tough warrior species with a height of approximately eight meters. 
They were called the breakwater in the western part of the Demon World because they blocked the barbarians beyond the Western Limit Line. 
After a bit of discussion about the future schedule, the party separated. As Felicia said, the time constraints were tight, so they had to hurry.
Four days later, at noon, Silvan and Caitlin had already left, while In-gong and Felicia were standing in front of the transportation formation. 
As they had planned originally, Amita, Daphne and Nayatra were left at the palace, so the only ones with Felicia and In-gong were Carack, Karma and Delia. 
After saying goodbye to Nayatra and Daphne at the transportation formation, Carack took a deep breath and said, 
"We should be prepared for an event.” 
“Huh? Didn’t the additional information gathered from Nayatra say that it isn’t serious?” 
During the past few days, In-gong hadn’t simply been waiting for the departure. Together with Felicia, he had conducted an investigation into the Four Knights of the Apocalypse, while Nayatra had collected as much information as possible about the west. 
The west was currently quiet. Although there were a few small battles near the Western Limit Line, there wasn’t a case of the barbarians crossing over like in Evian. 
"But now Prince is going there.” 
"Yes. I'm going.” 
Carack replied, and In-gong nodded like he was convinced. Felicia frowned from where she was standing beside the two men. 
"Hey, can’t we just follow the flow for now?” 
Instead of answering, In-gong and Carack looked at each other and laughed. 
Green Wind whispered in In-gong’s ears, 
‘Master, if the orc is correct, does that mean the 4th Princess in a pitiful situation right now?’ 
"We’ll see?” 
Indeed, what would happen? 
In-gong took a deep breath and straightened his posture. 
The transportation formation was activated. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 152 - Chapter 29: War Destruction #3
"9th Prince is headed to Curtis. He is going there to support the 3rd Prince and 4th Princess.” 
Henry completed his short oral report regarding the new information which had just arrived from the Demon King’s Palace. 
Instead of reaching for the report, Richard, the draconian captain, just simply stared at his nephew’s—at Henry’s face. Henry was hiding it with a solemn expression, but there was a deep feeling of relief and pleasure. 
The plan to measure the 9th Prince’s strength using Jiks had failed. 
Henry was delighted about this fact, while Richard felt somewhat confused. 
It was due to the fact that the 9th Prince had won against Jiks. 
‘I still can’t imagine it.’ 
He didn’t know how the 9th Prince had won against Jiks. Had the 8th Princess helped him or had she simply watched from behind? 
Richard didn’t consider the possibility that Jiks wouldn’t have managed to escape after losing. He could find out information from Jiks’ scattered subordinates, but that was too cumbersome and time-consuming. Apart from Jiks, Richard’s arm had no reach in Evian. 
Richard was even more puzzled about the 9th Prince’s consequent successes. 
He had taken all the bases with a stormy approach and rescued the senior general, Vandal. That alone was amazing, but the 9th Prince had even led the troops directly into a massive fight against the barbarian king and his army. 
It was already at a standard of being an active leader. He could even believe that ‘9th Prince’ had been written mistakenly in the report, instead of ‘1st Prince’ or ‘2nd Prince’. 
The 9th Prince’s growth went against common sense. Although he had played a prominent role at Enger Plains, there was a huge difference between what he had done at Enger Plains and what he had done at Evian. 
How had he become stronger so suddenly? 
When one considered the situation with common sense, this was simply impossible. The 2nd Prince had been born with a monstrous talent, but even he wasn’t at this level. In just half a year, an incompetent prince had been reborn as an advanced general. 
‘He was hiding his skills.’ 
Richard could only think of that. However, even so, this wasn’t a perfect answer. 
‘Too strong.’ 
Right now, the 9th Prince was only 14 or 15 years old. Compared to his age, he was excessively strong. Even when it was taken into account that the report had been inflated, the 9th Prince was at least at the level of an intermediate general. 
‘There is a reason why the sword duke has shown interest in him.’ 
The 9th Prince’s activities weren’t things he could do simply because he was strong. It was clear he had considerable talent in military matters as well. 
Many people thought the 9th Prince was borrowing the power of the 6th and 8th Princesses, but Richard didn’t think so. The 6th and 8th Princesses didn’t have such talent. Their talents stood out in their respective fields, but they weren’t all-rounders. In fact, until now, the two people hadn’t been involved in such activities. 
There was the possibility that 9th Prince’s aide had this power, but that was a useless story. 
The 9th Prince’s aide was an orc—a soldier he had met on his first mission outside. Given the average intellect of the orcs, the possibility that the 9th Prince’s aide had military talent was close to zero. 
The 9th Prince’s achievements were completely due to the 9th Prince’s power. Not only did the 9th Prince have considerable individual abilities, he had strong military capabilities as well. 
It was huge. 
The 9th Prince had suddenly become prominent in a very short amount of time. 
There wasn’t even a chance to step on that growing bud. By the time Richard had realized it, the 9th Prince had already obtained the power to turn the three factions into four. 
All the children who weren’t interested in the position of the demon king were in his faction. The most surprising thing was the support behind the 9th Prince. 
Why did the 3rd and 4th Queens give their support to the 9th Prince instead of their own children? 
Richard became more stimulated the more he thought about it. 
‘Amazing, amazing.’ 
Richard was interested in the 9th Prince and really wanted to observe him. 
Richard’s gaze glided over the short sentences in the report. Then he stared at Henry, his nephew who had a strong loyalty toward the demon king, and thought carefully before opening his mouth. 
"Captain, if we observe Curtis, then we will be able to gauge 9th Prince’s ability.” 
Everything at Evian had been too sudden. Moreover, Jiks had been smashed at the beginning, so there was no way for them to observe the 9th Prince. 
However, this time was different. Richard could send some people to keep a watch on the 9th Prince. 
Therefore, Henry’s words were quite valid. He didn’t need to use radical measures like a surprise attack to explore the 9th Prince’s capabilities. 
However, Richard shook his head slowly. 
"Well, I wonder if that will happen.” 
“Captain?” 
"4th Princess is responsible for Curtis. It is doubtful she will give any opportunities to 9th Prince.” 
This situation was different from what had happened at Enger Plains and Evian. The 9th Prince was being dispatched as support for the 4th Princess, so there was a limit to how big of a role he could play. 
Henry’s eyes widened as he realized this. Rather than scolding his honest nephew, Richard turned his gaze toward the map of the Demon World on his desk. 
On the eastern front where Evian was located, there was a major uproar due to the barbarian king. 
How about the western front? Would something also happen in Curtis? 
Richard’s gaze moved further on the map to beyond the Western Limit Line. 
&  
As always, the transportation was successful. In-gong opened his eyes at Curtis’ transportation formation and saw a guide soldier standing before them. 
After standing for a moment to ease through the transition, the guide soldier came up to In-gong and Felicia and bowed. 
"It is a pleasure to meet 9th Prince and 6th Princess.” 
The guide soldier was a black-haired young man, who was very handsome and tall. Both of his eyes were moist, which could confuse people. 
He wasn’t a local soldier but an incubus, who was one of Anastasia’s subordinates. 
"Your Highnesses, I am Carlos, and I will guide you around Curtis.” 
'He is a watchdog.’ 
The reason why an incubus, and not a local soldier, was sent was obvious. 
Felicia narrowed her eyes and asked Carlos, 
“Where is Unni right now?” 
"There are some suspicious movements near the limit line, so she is going to the front.” 
According to the additional information gathered from the Demon King’s Palace, there had already been several small encounters at the Western Limit Line. There were no full-scale engagements, but both sides scouted each other’s power repeatedly. 
"Then are we going to the front?” 
Carlos frowned slightly at Carack’s question. He acted restrained in front of In-gong and Felicia, but he seemed displeased. He went on to ignore Carack, who was an orc. 
‘You shouldn’t ignore the orc.’ 
While In-gong was thinking this, Carlos corrected his expression and told In-gong and Felicia in a polite tone, 
"4th Princess has specifically assigned a defenseless area to 9th Prince and 6th Princess. I will take you there.” 
At the special request, In-gong and Felicia looked at each other. The two of them shared the same thoughts. 
“As expected, it is a bad area. Are we going to be kept in the rear?” 
Just like Evian, Curtis wasn’t the name of a city but the name for the entire western front. 
The transportation formation connected to the Demon King’s Palace was located to the east end of Curtis. Currently, Anastasia and Victor had arrived earlier and were able to move to the northwest using the transportation formations. 
However, In-gong’s party was now moving in a carriage toward the southwest, rather than the northwest. 
It was still the west, but the south-west area wasn’t connected to the Western Limit Line. In other words, it was a quiet area with a low chance of an enemy attacking. 
This was because Anastasia hadn’t accomplished any great merits since being sent to Curtis. Now that In-gong had appeared, it was inevitable that Anastasia would feel displeased. It was natural for her to put In-gong in the rear, so that he couldn’t build up any merits. 
From Enger Plains to Evian, In-gong had always been in charge. However, this time, he was just a helper. It was Anastasia’s role to oversee the royal children dispatched to Curtis, so she had the choice of whether or not to ask In-gong for help. 
“Well, I guess it is hard to go against Anastasia in this.”
Felicia said with a frown. Carack smiled from opposite her and said, 
"But if you’re going to be safe, the rear doesn’t seem that bad. Especially when looking at Prince’s state right now.” 
Carack said, and all eyes in the carriage turned toward In-gong. 
In-gong was fitting a bracelet onto Felicia’s wrist. As one of the items collected during his tour of the Demon King’s Palace, it was a one time charm to defend against physical attacks. 
“Now, the last one.” 
Next to the blue bracelet was a red bracelet. To be exact, it was the 12th magic item. 
In addition to Felicia’s arms, several magic items of various colours were hanging around her neck, from her ears, waist and so on. All of them had belonged to In-gong. 
"Prince, isn’t this a little too much? There should be a harmony, harmony.” 
Not only were there too many, the colours didn’t match each other. It was a natural result of equipping the magic items randomly. 
“Uhh, is that so?” 
In-gong shrugged as he looked at Felicia. She was still pretty, but that was because Felicia was so beautiful that her beauty outshone everything else. 
There were two different coloured necklaces and six different coloured bracelets on both of her arms. Additionally, she wore earrings, ankle bracelets and other accessories which created a bizarre image. To be honest, Felicia’s beauty wasn’t enough to cover everything. 
As In-gong stared at Felicia with narrow eyes, Delia said with a smile, 
"It shows how much 9th Prince values 6th Princess.” 
This was because the accessories were all defensive magic items. After the fight against the Famine Knight, In-gong was interested in Felicia’s defense. 
Carack nodded and said, 
"Delia, you should tell Prince bluntly.” 
In-gong looked like he didn’t understand. Delia hesitated a bit before smiling awkwardly. 
"For Her Highness’ reputation, it is a little...” 
It was obvious that she would be called a fashion terrorist. 
Felicia laughed. So far, she had been standing still like a doll, but she spoke at this moment, 
"Well, I am a little unbalanced. Still, Shutra prepared these for me, so shouldn’t I wear them?” 
Her voice and eyes weren’t lifeless. She was looking at In-gong with a touched exprssion, like she was about to say Caitlin’s ‘amazing’. 
Carack looked at her appearance and shook his head. 
"If Prince Silvan were here, he would be wailing.” 
Silvan would be filled with envy, then Felicia would hit him on the head with a fan. 
In-gong laughed and scratched his jaw. 
"Uhh, I guess I should make some adjustments. I think it is a good idea to commission Amita to modify it.” 
“Will Amita do it?” 
Felicia asked In-gong with a gentle smile. 
"Their tail will pound on the floor. They will grunt but wouldn’t they agree in the end?”  
In-gong’s gaze turned back to Felicia, and Carack interrupted again. 
"Prince, if Prince asks, then even Princess will agree. You are correct.” 
It was like that. 
Felicia blushed and refuted,
“I-it isn’t like that. Don’t you think, Delia?” 
“Uh, um, yes. That’s right. If Princess says so, it is the case.” 
“Delia!” 
Delia’s tone was inconsistent with her words. In-gong smiled as he saw the grouchy Felicia and said, 
"Anyway, I’ll ask Amita.” 
"Um, I feel like that raccoon is somewhat pitiful.” 
“It’s okay, I think they are adapting to it these days. There isn’t as much resistance as there used to be.” 
Animals were creatures of adaptation, and a raccoon was like that as well. 
Unlike Evian, which was a wasteland, Curtis was a land of rain and greenery. 
After studying the scenery outside the window for a while, Felicia asked In-gong, 
"It will be two days until the reinforcements arrive... Until then, we have no strength, so we just need to stay in the rear. Shutra, do you know anything about the place we’re going to?”  
Felicia had wandered all over the Demon World, but this was her first visit to Curtis. Moreover, the place where the party was headed was the fringe of Curtis. 
It was the same for In-gong. However, In-gong had intelligence from Knight Saga. 
To the southwest of Curtis was the land of giants with a huge forest. So, there was a reason why In-gong could remain cheerful despite being sent to the rear. 
“It is a fairly interesting place.” 
As he stared out the window, In-gong searched through his memories. The surrounding landscape was changing bit by bit. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 153 - Chapter 29: War Destruction #4
In-gong’s party travelled in the carriage for two days. The first night was spent in a small town, but the second night, they had to camp. It was because there were less people the further south-west they went. 
As Amita said, Curtis had a lot of rain. In summer, it was common for it to be raining for several days and nights. 
Fortunately, it was now winter. Unlike in summer, this rain was currently just a light shower. 
On the afternoon of the third day, the scenery outside the carriage changed drastically. The same thick foliage was everywhere, but there was an obvious difference in size. 
The grass had grown. The grass, which had been ankle height on the roadside, had now grown to their waist. Even though the forest was far away, it felt considerably closer because the trees were so big. 
As Carack rubbed his eyes with surprise, In-gong looked joyfully at the mini-map. Some people had come out to meet them. 
“It is nice to meet you! I am Kappa, the daughter of the chief of the Gullam tribe! This is the best hunter in our tribe, Uncle Galang.” 
The voice of a youthful girl came from high above them. The party in the carriage raised their heads toward the sky and saw a face approximately five meters above them. This was despite the fact that she was leaning on her knees, and half her upper body was bowed. 
The red-haired girl, who wore comfortable clothes made of animal skin, was a giant. She looked like a teenager, but she was almost eight meters tall. However, there was a real giant standing behind the girl. 
"It is a pleasure to see the royal family.” 
The voice came from a height of 10 meters. It belonged to a muscular man dressed in animal skin, just like the girl. As his small black eyes stared down at them, he appeared taciturn. 
Carack continued to blink in shock. It was because he couldn’t figure out how many cows had been killed to make the clothes these female and male giants were wearing. There would need to have been at least a few dozen. 
The female, Kappa, gazed at In-gong and Felicia with sharp green eyes. Her eyes were so big, it was like looking in a mirror. 
"Are you the prince and princess?” 
Her eyes and voice were full of longing. The girl was unaware of it, but her face was too close to them. She would be considered rude by any other royalty, but In-gong and Felicia weren’t that formal. They were used to Carack’s impudence, so they simply smiled and nodded. 
Kappa smiled brightly, then she bit her lip and asked, 
“Can I take both of you on my shoulders?” 
"Please.” 
Felicia replied, and Kappa brought In-gong and Felicia to her shoulders. The gigantic hand reaching for them from above caused instinctive horror, but In-gong and Felicia didn’t scream. Rather, they admired the scenery which could be seen from Kappa’s shoulders. 
Unlike the cyclops and mountain giants who were classified as monsters, rather than humans, the giants living in this forest were simply big humans. They were almost exactly the same as humans, except for being six times larger. 
Kappa smiled shyly after putting In-gong and Felicia on her shoulders, feeling a sudden sense of bashfulness about her shoulders. It seemed like she was worrying about what to say. 
Apart from Kappa’s anxious thoughts, a matter of more importance was that she was eight meters tall, so her stride was huge. She walked at a speed which would be difficult to follow while in the carriage.
Carack suppressed his wish to ride on the shoulders and looked around. Without realizing it, he was soon convinced. 
Kappa and Galang weren’t the only big ones—everything around them was big. The change was sudden, so the surrounding area felt smaller. 
From his spot on Kappa’s shoulder, In-gong was just as convinced as Carack. Despite seeing it in Knight Saga, he now understood it instinctively. 
‘It is because they are living here.’ 
Could the giants live if they were thrown into a normal environment? 
It would be hard. As Carack had thought, making their clothes would be a daunting task. They were six times the height of normal humans, and the amount of food required to fill their stomachs couldn’t be compared to that of ordinary humans. 
Therefore, the surrounding environment was great in size as well. Otherwise, it would be difficult for the giants to increase their population. 
In-gong was as excited as Kappa. He was really excited to see the scenery of the giants which he had liked in Knight Saga. 
The trees in the forest were three to four times larger than common trees. Additionally, although the difference was smaller in comparison to the contrast between giants and humans, there was no way to be accurate about this in the first place. 
They soon arrived at the village, where there were dozens of houses made of wood and clay. All of them were single story buildings, possibly due to a weight problem or something else. 
'I will get to see it soon.’ 
In-gong calmed himself down. When he heard he was going to the land of the giants, he couldn’t help smiling at the thought of the sight he would soon see. 
Then one hour later, after greeting the Gullam clan’s chief, In-gong climbed to the top of the table. There was also a small table for normal-sized species, but In-gong wanted to climb onto the giant’s table. The reason for this was simple. 
“Big.” 
The food was great and immensely large. He felt happy just looking at the cake which was six times bigger than normal. 
Carack stared at the chicken leg which was as big as his body and shared In-gong’s happiness as well. The rest of the party couldn’t stop smiling either. 
"Master, it is amazing." 
Green Wind became solid and said to In-gong. In-gong nodded vigorously. 
"That’s right. It’s amazing!” 
Why was Caitlin in this place? While In-gong was thinking that, Green Wind looked at Felicia and grinned widely at her. 
"Princess should say it as well. Master will like it.” 
Felicia blinked at the sudden proposal, but she noticed In-gong looking and opened her mouth, 
“A-amazing?” 
It was far from Caitlin’s sunny expression, but her red cheeks made it cute. 
However,Green Wind shook her head objectively. 
"It isn’t similar. Isn't that right, Master?” 
Green Wind turned toward In-gong and asked. He had no idea what she was doing, but he couldn’t help smiling. 
"No, it’s similar. It really is similar.” 
At In-gong’s answer, Felicia quickly covered her face with her fan, while Green Wind glared at him. 
Carack just laughed and laughed. Delia had to pinch her thighs several times to keep from laughing, and Karma was in a similar situation. 
Time passed by, and it was now time to go to bed. So, In-gong got up from the table. There were ordinary houses for other species, so it wasn’t inconvenient to use it. He wanted to experience the life of the giants, but it couldn’t be helped. 
After chatting to Carack for a while, Felicia appeared, dressed in a nightgown. Her cheeks were red from her bath, and her hair was damp. 
In-gong looked at the terribly exhausted expression on her face and asked, 
“What is with that expression?” 
"Shutra, have you ever almost drowned in a bathtub?” 
In-gong just smiled instead of answering. It was natural to feel the threat of drowning if it was a giant bathtub. The baths were designed for giants like Kaparang and Kappa. 
Felicia settled at the table with a tired face, and In-gong used recovery magic on her. Then he pointed to the hand-painted map spread out on the table. 
"This is a rough map of the area.” 
“Isn’t this modest compared to your usual style?” 
Felicia said as she peered at the map. Unlike In-gong’s handmade maps which boasted a precise accuracy, this map seemed to have been created roughly. 
While Felicia was combining wind and fire spirits to dry her hair, In-gong explained, 
"I just copied a map from here. It is impossible to draw a perfect map of a place I haven’t visited.” 
"Well, I guess so." 
Even if he had the mini-map, there was a limit. Moreover, the trees were so large and thick that it was difficult to draw a precise map. When the trees gathered together, they gave off the feeling of a mountain or hill. 
"I will go out tomorrow for an active scout.” 
In-gong spoke casually, and Felicia’s eyes narrowed. 
"The forest?” 
"The forest.” 
He didn’t intend to just search from afar. Instead, he intended to execute an active form of scouting which attacked any enemies who were seen. 
However, there were currently no barbarians in the forest because they were confronting Anastasia. The question was whether it was even necessary to do a general scouting, let alone an active scouting. 
Nevertheless, the words ‘active scouting’ had emerged from his mouth. 
Anastasia, the one in charge of Curtis, had left Felicia and In-gong in charge of defense near this great forest. The reason why she had placed In-gong and Felicia in a place with no enemies was simple. If they didn’t meet any enemies, they couldn’t build up merits and would have to leave empty-handed. 
In-gong wasn’t going to disobey Anastasia’s orders as she was in charge of Curtis. Even so, it didn’t mean he had to sit quietly. In-gong was free to carry out military activities for defensive purposes. 
"Okay, is there any place you want to go?” 
In-gong pointed to one side of the map in response to Felicia’s question. 
“I will go this way. I’ve heard stories of an ancient ruin in the vicinity.” 
Of course, the source was Knight Saga. This was an area that In-gong wanted to visit, so he was quite excited. 
‘It is because I didn’t go to this place in Night Saga.’ 
It was a place he hadn’t been able to enter since the beginning of Knight Saga; it was impossible to go inside. There was no special reason for this. It was just a limitation of the game, like not being able to enter the sea in RPG games. 
However, the setting existed. There was a legend about an ancient ruin inside the forest. 
It was one of the reasons why In-gong had accepted Anastasia’s command to move to the rear. 
Killing enemies wasn’t the only way to gain merits. If he found a ruin with something like the Thunder Light Anvil or contained great magic power, he would be able to obtain merits as well. 
“Hoh, isn’t that interesting?” 
Felicia’s eyes shone like lanterns after hearing about the possibility of an ancient ruin. In-gong smiled at her and said, 
"Anastasia noona told us to stay on the periphery, so we should stay put. Isn't that right?" 
"Yes. It is a good idea.” 
"The two of you look evil.” 
Carack clicked his tongue as he watched In-gong and Felicia. 
In-gong laughed. 
"We will leave immediately after breakfast tomorrow morning. I’ve told the giants in advance. Galang, who we met today, will guide the way. Several warrior giants will follow.” 
"Okay, I think this will be a very informative mission. My heart's already pounding despite the risk.” 
In-gong made a questioning sound at Felicia’s words. 
"The risk?" 
"I am with Shutra.” 
Felicia winked at In-gong, who frowned, while Carack just laughed. 
Some time passed by again. After chatting for a bit, Felicia got up from her seat. It was time to go to bed. 
"Sleep well, my dream. Silvan liked this farewell the most.” 
If Silvan was here, he would’ve said that. In-gong nodded. 
"Good night to you as well.” 
Felicia turned and left the room. In-gong’s gaze lingered at the spot where she had made her exit, then he opened his inventory and looked at the Lucia Dream Pillow. 
"Prince, what is that look in your eyes?” 
“What are you talking about? I am thrilled because I am thinking of tomorrow’s adventure.” 
Carack asked with narrowed eyes, and In-gong closed his inventory quickly. Green Wind whispered in In-gong’s ears, 
‘Master, please dream about me.’ 
"Oh, the flames are soaring up again.” 
In-gong felt like he was suffering. Rather than refuting, In-gong headed to bed. 
&  
“This is a scam.”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 154 - Chapter 29: War Destruction #5
The giants living in the Curtis area could be classified into three types. 
There were: the Gullams, a hunting clan in the vicinity of the forest; the Paran, a warrior clan near the Western Limit Line; and lastly, the Hwarin, a clan that lived scattered throughout Curtis. 
Among the three clans, the Paran clan was the biggest when it came to scale. 
In fact, there were only 1,000 giants, but they were giants with an average height of 10 meters. In addition to that, the combat power of the White Warriors, a group of 100 Paran warriors, was beyond imagination. The Demon King’s Palace considered the combat power of the White Warriors alone as equivalent to one army consisting of thousands of soldiers. 
In contrast, the smallest one was the Hwarin clan. They led livestock such as sheep and cattle all over Curtis, so there weren’t more than 100 of them. 
The size of the Gullam, a hunting tribe, was between the Paran and Hwarin tribes. The Gullam lived in a few villages throughout the forest, and their total population numbered approximately 300 to 400. 
Those who heard about Curtis only heard about the Paran tribe, usually referred to as the ‘western giants’. It wasn’t because the Paran had the largest number but because they were more prominent due to their ability to maintain the Western Limit Line. 
They were a powerful giant clan which could be called a steel castle. 
However, those who lived in Curtis and encountered the three giant tribes knew the Gullam were a mighty combat clan which didn’t fall short of the Paran clan. 
The Gullam hunted the animals living in the great forest. Unlike the Paran clan, who fought against the western barbarians, the Gullam considered it more glorious to fight gigantic monsters. The huge size of the giants was a minimal requirement to fight against the monsters in the great forest. 
Thus, the Gullam hunters were strong. Among the three giant clans, the Gullam had the best individual strength. 
Galang, one of the three best hunters in the Gullam clan, voiced his concerns with a very serious face, 
"Your Highnesses, that is a place we don’t go into that often. It is very dangerous.” 
In-gong wasn’t going to the area where the Gullam usually hunted. It was a deep place which would require almost a day to reach, even with the quick pace of the giants. 
In-gong climbed onto the huge map on the Gullam’s table and said. 
"Don’t worry too much. I’m not going to run in recklessly.” 
However, Galang still seemed concerned. Those who came to the countryside always talked this way. 
Galang hesitated to answer, and Felicia backed In-gong up. 
"It is okay because we have Shutra. I understand your concerns, but we are children of the demon king. So, please believe in us.” 
She said it with a friendly smile, but the last sentence was a type of warning. At this point, Galang realized In-gong and Felicia weren’t spoiled and immature children but the children of the demon king. 
As a seasoned hunter, Galang was a quick-witted person. He understood Felicia’s warning immediately. Although the prince and princess still seemed small and tender, he hid his thoughts. Then he started thinking rationally. As Felicia had said, they were children of the demon king. This meant that unlike their appearances, they had considerable skills. 
The demon king was the apex of the Demon World, the most powerful person in this world. Just like how a tiger would give birth to tigers, the demon king would have the most powerful children. 
“I understand. Please forgive my rudeness.” 
Felicia smiled at Galang’s apology and responded,
“No, it is natural to worry. Rather, it is nice to know that you are trustworthy.” 
“She handled this really well.” 
Carack murmured as he gazed at Felicia with an admiring expression. 
"It wasn’t taken seriously, but I truly mean it. It will be okay if we have Shutra.” 
"Why is he so valuable?” 
Telling Galang this meant Felicia thought he was reliable. Felicia, who travelled all over the Demon World to explore ruins, knew how important it was to cooperate with the locals. It was better to maintain a good relationship than to pressure them with her authority. 
After their path was arranged to a certain extent, In-gong looked at the party and said, 
"Karma, please look after Felicia noona. If something happens, your top priority is escaping with Noona.” 
“I understand, Your Highness.” 
Delia was already Felicia’s escort, but that wasn’t enough. Karma’s quick feet meant she could lift Felicia and escape from the battlefield in an instant. 
“Carack, protect Felicia noona, Karma and Delia.” 
"Don’t worry. I'll show you what an orc shield is.” 
Carack smiled and raised his shield. He was wearing the new full body armour made by Amita, so he really was like a moving castle. 
Finally, In-gong looked at Carlos, who was the guide soldier given by Anastasia. After taking various medicines which had been sneaked in last night, Carlos had abdominal pain, diarrhea and a headache. 
So, Anastasia’s subordinate wasn’t able to join the ruin exploration, but he looked a bit pitiful. 
"Okay, then let’s depart.” 
After finishing his preparations, In-gong left the village of the Gullam clan, leaving behind Carlos, who was lying down. 
&  
“I want to go back...” 
It had been two hours since leaving the village, and Felicia was muttering in a small voice from her position on Galang’s back. 
The weather in the forest was unusual, just like in Evian. Thanks to this weather, the forest showed a very different appearance from ordinary forests. 
The outskirts of the forest, where the Gullam village was located, was cool. The trees were the thin, straight types commonly found in winter forests. 
Despite the winter weather, it started to become hot as they headed deeper, and it soon became like a rainforest. 
However, Felicia’s desire to return wasn’t due to the humid weather or the sweat all over her body. 
Just like how the giants and trees were big, so were the other things in the forest. 
The serpents in the trees were so big that they could swallow a human in one bite. Bugs the size of a human’s head flew around, causing them great fear. 
Carack, sweating in his armour, crouched on a tree and clicked his tongue as he watched a giant monkey. The monkey was watching the party like they were its prey. If Galang and the giants weren’t present, it would attack straight away. 
"Now I know why only giants live in this forest.” 
The elves were a species that lived in forests. However, right now, a dark elf, who could be called a relative of the elves, was showing her desire to go home. 
Moreover, she was sitting on Galang’s back, so she got motion sickness. Felicia was limp, while poor Karma and Delia also seemed to be in a bad state. 
Carack swallowed his saliva and looked up at the sky. White Eagle was clearly seen in the sky. 
'Master, is it cool?’ 
"It is cool. Green Wind is really competent.” 
While everyone, including Felicia, was suffering from the heat, In-gong was enjoying the cool wind created by Green Wind. The air itself was hot, so creating wind would just cause hot air. However, In-gong solved this problem by using the ice spirit he contracted some time ago. It was simple for Green Wind to create a cool wind by filtering the air through the ice spirit. 
Felicia was able to do this, but she refrained since it was a waste of magic power. However, it wasn’t so hard for In-gong who had a dragon heart. 
Green Wind laughed with pleasure at In-gong’s praise and said, 
‘Yes, I am competent and useful.’ 
“Yes.” 
In-gong stroked the surface of White Eagle which he was sitting on and looked at the mini-map. 
'There are too many creatures with hostility.’ 
He was scouting from the sky, but there were too many red dots on the mini-map. It was understandable that Galang had been reluctant to go into this area. 
‘It was a good choice not to bring Kappa.’ 
Kappa had fallen in love with Felicia and wanted to come along, but Galang and the other Gullam hunters opposed it. They judged that this journey would be too risky for a young girl to come along. 
There were five Gullam hunters on this journey, including Galang. 
According to the calculations of the Demon King’s Palace, they were equivalent to 200 soldiers. Many enemies were staring at them, but there were none who actually attacked. 
It would be nice if they could arrive without any problems. 
Just as In-gong was thinking this... 
"Down!" 
Galangs suddenly gave a loud shout. The surprised In-gong jumped up, looking down at the ground and the mini-map simultaneously. Huge vines were protruding from the ground and rushing toward the party like snakes. 
"It is a carnivorous plant!” 
One of the Gullam hunters exclaimed. Each of the hunters, led by Galang, swung a spear or sword at the vines. Felicia cast a magic spell hurriedly. 
“Fire Barrier!” 
The barrier of fire was larger than usual and spread to the sides of the party. No matter how humid the forest was, there was a lot of wood around, so it was crazy to create fire. However, In-gong had no doubts in Felicia. She controlled the flames perfectly using the fire spirit and wind spirit. 
Over the past six months, Felicia had been training while following In-gong. She showed significant growth compared to how she had been six months ago. 
“Too small!” 
Felicia complained while sweating, but it was enough. Thanks to the barrier of fire which reached up to Gullam’s waist, the carnivorous plants didn’t dare approach In-gong’s party. 
However, it was still too early to relax. There were many monsters aiming at the party through the gap created by the carnivorous plants. 
“The side! Be prepared!” 
Galang cried out. There was a flash as something jumped out from the left. 
It was a huge monkey. The large monster, the size of Gullam’s head, leapt forward, and its power was really enormous. 
Felicia screamed, while Karma and Delia swallowed their saliva. As Carack raised his shield, In-gong headed down from the sky. 
It was like a white flash. In-gong flew straight toward the jaw of the leaping money and pulled back his right fist, while both legs were firmly set on White Eagle. The closer he got, the more he felt like he was heading toward a cliff. 
What could he use against that huge enemy? In-gong decided to think in a straightforward manner. He concentrated aura on Earth Quaker, and it gave off an angry roar. He would use the most succinct, yet effective measure— 
Explosive Power! 
Kwang!
In-gong’s fist struck the jaw of the monkey monster. In-gong’s fist was small compared to the jaw of the huge monster. However, this wasn’t a simple hit but one with an aura explosion behind it. The monkey was hit by a terrible aura and fell to the ground as soon as it jumped. Its brain was shaken by the impact, and it didn’t stand back up immediately. 
Simultaneously, In-gong had added momentum to Night Watch and wasn’t propelled back by the backlash. He stood on the jaw of the monkey monster and calmed his breathing. 
In-gong had poured a lot of aura into the attack, and fortunately, it had ended the monster. 
In-gong circulated his aura as he caught his breath, and the Gullam hunters stared with surprise at In-gong’s blow. Then Green Wind shouted, 
‘Master! The sky!’ 
"Protect your heads! Breath is coming!” 
Galang shouted again. In-gong looked up at the sky hurriedly. A giant monster was descending rapidly from the sky toward them. In-gong had faced it in Knight Saga. 
‘Wyvern!’ 
One of the dragon species—it wasn’t intelligent enough to write or speak magic, but it was a terrible monster. Additionally, they were able to shoot out breath attacks. The wyverns had bodies which spanned approximately 10 meters from the tip of the head to the tail. So, from the standpoint of the Gullams, the wyverns were difficult monsters to deal.
The breaths of the wyverns poured down from the sky. 
There were five wyverns attacking, and instead of rushing, the five of them flew past, shooting out breaths. 
Kwang kwang kwang!
There were loud explosions as five energy bombs hit the ground. Galang pulled out his bow hastily, while Felicia lifted the barrier of fire. If the barrier of fire wasn’t controlled during the chaos, a tremendous disaster could happen. 
"They are coming back!” 
The wyverns turned in the air and fired breaths toward the ground again. Breath was limited to three times a day, and it was the same for the wyverns. However, they were pouring the power out generously toward the party. 
The shock swept up the ground again. One of the Gullam hunters was directly hit by an energy shot and collapsed to the ground. Since this was an opportunity, the wyverns tried to directly attack the person who had fallen. Galang fired arrows hurriedly, but it was impossible to keep all five of the wyverns in check. 
“Shutra!” 
Felicia shouted. One of the wyverns was staring at the stunned monkey monster, and a sharp atmosphere poured out from it like lightning. 
In-gong looked at the wyvern. He had many thoughts in that split moment. How should he deal with it? 
It was the first time he had to deal with a giant flying monster like the wyvern. When he thought about it, In-gong had no means of ranged attack. 
He could use Fire Arrow. 
However, that was impossible. The Fire Arrow was too small for the wyvern. It was possible to pour in too much magic power to create a ballista style Fire Arrow, but he wondered if that would have enough power. 
Galang shot an arrow. The wyvern turned away from In-gong hastily, and a sharp strong wind swept the ground as it headed back to the sky. 
It was aiming for a ranged attack. 
Then something came to In-gong’s mind. He didn’t have to be beaten to get an attack. What he wanted to do now was innate. 
His instincts said it was possible, and his logic agreed with his instincts. However, he couldn’t help being perplexed by his thoughts. 
‘W-what is this? This?’ 
His confusion was short-lived as In-gong returned to reality again. He invoked the power of Conquest and gave an order to the dragon heart. 
Felicia had said it. Since he had the dragon heart, he could use dragon magic which was a privilege of the dragons. 
Dragon magic—it was the language of dragons, and the magic created the breath naturally. 
However, there was something more instinctual than that. There was a great power which only a person with a dragon heart could use. 
The wyvern reached its peak height and prepared to attack. The rest of the wyverns tried to shoot their breaths again. 
However, In-gong looked at them sharply, and the power inherent in his dragon heart—the great authority of the dragon king—was invoked! 
Dragon Breath! 
A green cluster of energy grew from approximately 10 centimeters away from In-gong’s open mouth. It condensed until it was a pillar of light shooting into the air! 
The pillar of light pierced the chest of a wyvern, and the other wyverns felt an instinctive fear toward the power of the dragon king. The flights of the other four wyverns, which had not been hit by the attack, became unstable. 
[Dragon Breath Lv1 has been learnt.] 
Everyone, except Galang who was firing his arrows, stared at In-gong. No, even Galang was looking at In-gong constantly. 
In-gong endured their gazes and aimed another Dragon Breath at the wyverns. 
&  
“Shutra is amazing. No, you are strange. A scam.” 
"Oh, this time there are some similarities, Princess.”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 155 - Chapter 29: War Destruction #6
The wyverns, who had lost two allies to In-gong’s Dragon Breath, ran away. In fact, the big surprise was the Dragon Breath itself, rather than the wyverns dying. 
Although it was the Dragon Breath from the most powerful dragon, its daily usage was still the same. In-gong was really glad the wyverns had escaped quickly before he only had one breath left. 
The wyverns were driven out from the forest, and the animals no longer watched the party. Galang and the other Gullam hunters took care of the wyvern corpses hurriedly and focused on clearing the rear. 
As the giants started to move, In-gong’s group moved close together. Felicia looked at In-gong with a bemused expression and said, 
“Shutra is amazing. No, you are strange—a scam.” 
"Oh, this time there are some similarities, Princess.” 
Felicia ignored what Carack said and just looked at In-gong. In-gong grinned at the party before sending Felicia a wink. She understood the meaning of his gesture and called upon a wind spirit to make a curtain which would block out any sound. 
“Shutra, what is going on? That... it was Dragon Breath, right?” 
It was a situation where the sound was blocked out, but Felicia lowered her voice like she was afraid someone was listening. In-gong nodded. 
“Perhaps.” 
“Wah! Does this mean that Prince will grow wings, a tail and horns?” 
Carack asked with an excited face. Clearly, he was really excited about this. However, In-gong shook his head. 
"Like I said before, it isn’t like that. Well, it might be possible if I learn polymorph magic.” 
“Ohhh.” 
Of course, using polymorph magic would make it a literal transformation, but he would still grow wings and a tail like Carack said. 
"But the breath—was it due to the dragon heart?” 
Felicia was still confused. In-gong raised his hand to the middle of his chest, where the dragon heart was, and replied, 
"Yes, the Dragon Breath is more like the dragon heart’s essence, rather than a magic spell. A primal act? Anyway, it was something like that.” 
Dragon Breath wasn’t like a skill or magic; it was a right that a dragon enjoyed. 
Therefore, the Dragon Breath was closer to the essence of a dragon, than a magic spell. 
It was something which would awaken instinctively, such as how a bird could fly or a fish could swim. 
Felicia looked confused again at the explanation and glanced at In-gong’s chest. 
“Shutra, are you already closer to a dragon than a gandharva?” 
Not only could he operate a dragon heart, but he could also shoot out Dragon Breath. If he could use magic spells, then he really would be a human type dragon. 
"Well, I clearly saw a characteristic of the gandharva.” 
Carack said after recalling something. Felicia made a confused sound and asked, 
“Characteristic of the gandharva?” 
“Yes, a characteristic of the gandharva.” 
Felicia turned back to In-gong and narrowed her eyes. 
“Uh... Shutra is very handsome.” 
“Noona is also pretty.” 
In-gong responded a little shamelessly to the sudden compliment of his appearance. It was true that Felicia was pretty. 
However, Carack said with a frown, 
"This isn’t the time to be gloating.” 
In-gong shrugged while Felicia opened up her fan hurriedly. Delia, who had been watching quietly, said softly, 
"Carack, beauty is a characteristic of both species. The gandharva and elves are both known as species with beautiful appearances.” 
Of course, the standards would vary from species to species, but even so, there were some mainstream standards. 
Carack thought for a moment before nodding. 
"Well, indeed. Delia is also really pretty.” 
“Oh, my.” 
Delia turned red at Carack’s praise, while Karma frowned with vexation. 
However, Carack didn’t go any deeper. He watched Felicia and asked, 
"Princess, what characteristics do the gandharva have other than appearance?” 
“Uh, let’s see? As far as I know... they have a good scent and are good at dancing and singing? There was a beautiful gandharva dancer, who was part of the 
Eight Legions
, who went around performing to each species. Oh, they are also excellent at feeling the flow. They can sense everything that has a flow, whether it is the wind or aura.” 
These were pretty much all the species characteristics she knew. Carack thought for a moment before nodding. 
"Well, the liquid that comes from Prince’s body is delicious. It is really unbelievably sweet and delicious.” 
“What? A delicious taste?” 
Felicia turned to In-gong hastily, seeming to be yelling in his face. 
In-gong replied hurriedly, 
"I once tried drinking my blood. If I melt the magic power in the blood, it turns into a very sweet taste.” 
“Blood?” 
"Not just blood... other body fluids are possible.” 
He had also experimented with his saliva and sweat. 
"Does Noona want to try?” 
In-gong asked, and Felicia quickly waved both hands. 
“Uh, no. It’s okay. It is still blood.” 
“You will regret it later. It is really delicious. Don’t ask after this. My blood is precious.” 
In-gong answered with nonsense and pulled back his arm again. Carack laughed and asked Felicia another question. 
"Then Princess, you mentioned something about the Eight Legions? What is the Eight Legions?” 
“Uh, I don’t know? Carack?” 
"I also don’t know.” 
“Weird.” 
Felicia smiled and glanced at Delia. It was a glance for help, so Delia opened her mouth immediately. 
"The Eight Legions is a group of eight species that migrated here from a distance place. There is a story that they came from a place called the Celestial World, but it is just a legend, so it isn’t accurate.” 
The Eight Legions had appeared suddenly one day, but there was no evidence of where they really came from. It was thousands of years ago, so there was no one remaining who could testify about that time. 
The only clues were the records about the Eight Legions, but most of the records had been destroyed during the Era of Struggle. Now, it was just a legend. 
"The species that belong to the Eight Legions are the gandharva, yaksha, sura, deva, karura, dragon, kinnara and mahoraga. Carack, you should have seen the yaksha and sura a few times.” 
The demon king was a sura. 
Carack nodded at Felicia’s words. 
"I’ve seen almost all of them. But this is the first time I heard that the eight species were related.” 
"Well, like I said, it is just a legend. There are some people who question the existence of the Eight Legions as species of the Demon World. However, is it that easy? It is a little bit ambiguous to point to a dragon or any other species.” 
The yaksha were probably the most active of the Eight Legions in the Demon World. Most of the other Eight Legions, including the sura, were few in number. 
“Ohu. Then Princess, what are the characteristics of the dark elves and the sura? Prince and Princess both carry the blood of the demon king.” 
However, on the outside, the two of them didn’t seem to carry any sura blood. Right now, Felicia wasn’t much different from Delia who was a pure-blooded dark elf. 
"I'll tell you the characteristics of the dark elves. A beautiful appearance and... light and nimble body, high spirit affinity, longevity and special eyes that can see in the dark?” 
As she listened to In-gong’s words, Felicia laughed. Then she continued on from his explanation,
"The sura are a natural combat species. They have good combat senses, high stamina, resilience and recovery. Aura is also a special talent.” 
They were literally a species born to fight. 
"But the blood of the sura is less enthusiastic, so the children of the demon king tend to inherit more of their Omamama’s characteristics, rather than their Abamama’s. I guess the only obvious effect of Abamama’s blood is the childhood Silvan and I had.” 
“Childhood?” 
"The other dark elves have a fairly long childhood. But Silvan and I aren’t much different from Shutra, Caitlin and Chris.” 
“Ah, is that so? Maybe Prince fights well due to the blood of the demon king.” 
Carack nodded his head like he was convinced. 
After the explanations, Felicia turned to In-gong. 
"Anyway, the Dragon Breath is really amazing and strange. Shutra, can you shoot it from anywhere other than your mouth?” 
Although it seemed natural to shoot Dragon Breath from his mouth, some discomfort was unavoidable. 
In-gong shrugged and replied, 
"I’m glad it isn’t being shot from my eyes. And I’m also glad that it is in the form of a light pillar. If it was fire, the situation would’ve become worse.” 
"Indeed.” 
Felicia nodded slowly as she imagined In-gong shooting fire from his mouth. The pillar of light did seem easier to form and had less discomfort. 
"Well, Noona, I think we should keep the dragon heart a secret from Galang and the Gullam hunters. Should I just say that it is a powerful magic or skill?” 
There was a reason for blocking the sound around the party. Felicia immediately understood In-gong’s words. 
"Indeed, I don’t think it would be good if Anastasia unni hears about this. Let’s do so.” 
He didn’t know if he would have to fight against Anastasia, but it was better to keep some things hidden. The more trump cards he had, the better. 
Once the story was finished to a certain extent, Felicia put away the wind spirit. Then the Gullam hunters came up to In-gong’s party, and they all said the same thing. 
“Drakon Kechatulla.” 
“Drakon Kechatulla.” 
“Drakon Kechatulla!” 
It was a situation where even the reticent Galang had said it. Felicia and his companions all looked back at In-gong reflexively. All of them seemed to be asking In-gong about the meaning. 
“I don’t know... the ‘great dragon warrior’?” 
It was a language he didn’t know, but he did now. The woman’s voice was heard in his head. 
[Ancient Giants Language Lv1 has been learnt.] 
The language of the ancient giants... 
In-gong stared at the words which seemed to be hiding something, but Felicia waved a hand in his face. 
"It is convenient, but I’m starting to feel angry like I’m being deprived of something.” 
She worked hard to learn each letter. If she didn’t use it often, she would forget them. 
While Felicia was grunting angrily, Galang lowered his face. He stared straight at In-gong and declared, 
“Drakon Kechatulla. Finally, the incarnation of the dragon has returned.” 
There was an almost pious expression in Galang’s eyes, and it wasn’t simply because he was amazed at In-gong. 
"It seems like there is something more.” 
Carack said, and In-gong agreed. He looked up and Galang and said, 
“Tell me the story.” 
&  
There was something which was passed down within the Gullam clan. 
It was the image of a human, who was the incarnation of a dragon, fighting against a wicked red serpent god in order to protect the world. 
The incarnation of the dragon fighting against the serpent god wasn’t a prediction of the future but a depiction of the past. 
Felicia broke down every part of the story Galang told them. Originally, the story was made up of parables and symbols. 
Felicia replaced Galang’s words one by one. 
‘The world was the forest. 
The evil serpent god was a dragon. 
The human shaped incarnation of a dragon can be interpreted in different ways. It could be a warrior supported by a good dragon or a good dragon which polymorphed into the form of a person.’ 
At Enger Plaints, there was the story of the centaur warrior who had protected the north after receiving White Eagle. 
"Going by that... is there a relic associated with a dragon in the area?” 
Felicia came to this conclusion, and In-gong agreed. 
“It is most likely a dragon lair.” 
Perhaps it was a place associated with an elder dragon. Even if it wasn’t an elder dragon, it was the lair of a dragon which had lived thousands of years ago. So, it was a jackpot. 
“My motivation is rising.” 
Felicia forgot about the sweat and the other worries she had in the past as she murmured. 
In-gong looked at Galang and asked,
"Galang, is this also told among the Paran and Hwarin?” 
"The roots of all three giant clans are the same. The story about the incarnation of the dragon is also handed down among the Paran and Hwarin.” 
Galang’s attitude toward In-gong was much more cautious than before. There was a reverence which couldn’t be hidden. 
The incarnation of the great dragon... 
If the Paran and Hwarin shared the same story, then they were likely to react in a similar manner to Galang. 
In-gong remembered the centaurs of Enger Plains and nodded silently. As Felicia said, having more trump cards was good. 
“Let’s go find the ruin.” 
There was still time left before the sun set. The party’s footsteps accelerated. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 156 - Chapter 29: War Destruction #7
The large forest was wider than In-gong had imagined. As they ventured deeper, In-gong’s anxiety grew. 
‘This is the right direction.’ 
The information he’d gathered from Knight Saga gave an estimated location of the ruins, but he hadn’t experienced it directly. The forest was so wide that even if the rough direction was right, any slight error would make them arrive at a remote location. 
‘I hope that the ruin stays the same size.’ 
As with everything else in the forest, if the ruins were too big, he might have trouble finding it on the mini-map. Therefore, In-gong focused on the mini-map while riding on White Eagle. 
Two hours later... 
"This is the first time I’ve passed by this area.” 
Galang said in a voice which was filled with admiration and respect. The other Gullam hunters were also very excited. 
Galang and his group were excited about being about to go into this area. 
There was a colony of red ants in the area. Just like everything else in the forest, the ants were enormous and almost the size of a human body. There were thousands of ants, and the ground itself seemed to be red. 
Even Felicia, who had seen many things, had to cover her eyes at the terrible sight, but that wasn’t the only problem. 
Galang called the red ants, the Flaming Ants. It wasn’t due to their red colour but because of their nature. 
The Flaming Ants covered anything in their territory, without caring about living or dying. Thousands of red ants covered the bodies of their victims and ate them instantly, giving them a resemblance to the flame ants. 
However, the party simply passed through the area of the fire ants. Half of it was thanks to Felicia’s barrier of fire and the other half was thanks to In-gong’s new power. 
"Won’t people get out of your way every day?” 
Carack said brief words of appreciation, and In-gong responded with a bitter smile. He didn’t want to deny it, but the newly awakened power was something he hadn’t thought about. 
Dragon Fear—
It was a dragon’s innate power, just like the Dragon Breath. 
As its name suggested, Dragon Fear was the ability to instill fear into the beings around him. 
As soon as he realized it was innate just like Dragon Breath, he could use it immediately. 
It was only level one, so the impact range was small, but the effect was obvious. In-gong used Dragon Fear, and the colony of ants opened up a path for them. Through this open path, Felicia expanded her fire barrier, creating a truly safe passage. 
“Drakon Kechatulla.” 
“Drakon Kechatulla!” 
While the Gullam hunters honoured him, In-gong looked at the mini-map. The reason he had descended from the sky down to the ground hadn’t been just to break through the colony of ants. The location of the ruins was shown on the mini-maps, so it was no longer necessary for him to stay in the sky. 
Fortunately, their direction was still correct. They just needed to travel a little further to arrive at the ruins. 
"It will be breathtaking." 
Night was approaching. Perhaps by the time they arrived at the ruin, the sun would just be setting. 
Of course, camping in the forest was a risk. There was a reason why the Gullam lived in the outskirts of the forest, away from their hunting grounds. 
At night, the prey would become the hunters. There were also many nocturnal animals which didn’t show up during the day. If they camped in the wrong place, they might never wake up again. 
Could they find a camping spot near the ruins? 
If they couldn’t find the right place, they would have to camp inside the actual ruins. 
In fact, it was common during exploration to set up camp sites within the ruins. There were walls and ceilings, so it was easier to secure their safety inside, than a place where every side was open. 
The question was whether the ruins were dangerous. They wouldn’t know if there was anything inside until they searched it from beginning to end. An unexpected spell might be activated while they were sleeping, or they could be attacked by a dungeon monster or protector of the ruins. 
In that case, the walls and ceilings would become obstacles to isolate the party. 
"I think that I am worrying too much.” 
There was the possibility of danger, but risks always existed when going into ruins. 
Felicia looked away from the Flaming Ants and expressed her opinion, 
“If there is a multi-floor structure, even if a magic trap is activated, it is unlikely to affect the whole ruins, and we will be ready for magic from the beginning. There were always traces of the magic circuit left behind. And if we camp near the entrance, it won’t be so difficult to escape.” 
Felicia was the one with the most experience in ruins exploration. Carack nodded and asked, 
"Don’t you just dislike camping in the forest?” 
"Ah, no? Do I have to justify this to you? Would you prefer mud instead of walls, ceilings and hard floors?” 
Felicia wasn’t embarrassed and said it openly. 
While everyone was laughing, In-gong focused his gaze on a place far away. It was a big empty space beyond the bushes. 
“Ohh...” 
Galang and the other Gullam hunters gave cries of admiration. They had lived in the forest all their lives, but they had never imagined there would be such a vacant place. 
Felicia looked around from Galang’s shoulder. The vacant lot was hundreds of meters in diameter and was much lower than the surrounding areas, like a type of basin. In the middle of the empty space, In-gong saw a stone structure. The entrance of the ruins was just high enough for the Gullam to pass through. 
"Are these underground ruins? Maybe this isn’t a dragon lair.” 
Felicia muttered in a small voice. The dragon lair was the nest of a dragon, so a big entrance leading to the outside was needed. 
Of course, Kaltein’s lair in Sun Lake didn’t have such an entrance, but that was a rare case. 
In-gong rose on White Eagle to a point where he was eye level with Galang. 
"Let’s explore the area around the entrance. Arranging a camping place is imperative.” 
As expected, the sun was setting. They had to search for a campsite before it became dark. 
“I understand.” 
Galang answered sincerely before rushing toward the ruins. 
&  
There were no traces of magic power at the entrance to the ruin. The walls were solidly laid and didn’t seem to have any added magic power. 
The amazing thing was the air inside the ruin. In contrast to the humid forest, the air inside was very cold and dry. 
It was a double layered structure which led underground like Felicia speculated, and it had a spell at the underground side. 
"This is a very old ruin. At least 5,000 years... maybe more than that.” 
Felicia got down from Galang and spoke while touching the walls of the stone ruin. She used a type of magic which could measure age, like carbon dating. 
The ceiling of the ruins was very high for In-gong’s group, but not for the Gullam hunters. In particular, Galang was the tallest and felt quite frustrated because there was only one palm height between his head and the ceiling. 
Fortunately, the corridor was quite wide. There was plenty of space so that three Gullam hunters could walk side by side at the same time. 
Galang led the party into the ruins while holding a torch. Outside the ruins, it was already dark. 
"I don’t feel any signs of movement inside. There isn’t even a big animal.” 
Galang said with narrowed eyes. He was somewhat puzzled. 
Ruins with their walls and ceilings were a haven for many animals and plants. Due to this, there were usually many dungeon monsters and various flora and fauna inside old ruins. 
In-gong was reminded of the dwarf cave he had used when fighting against the Red Lightning tribe. There had been rock spiders and other flora and fauna inside the cave. 
"Although there seems to be... bugs. We can rest easily.” 
Felicia looked at the Carack-sized spider on the ceiling. Even though there were no big animals, there were still living creatures. It wasn’t unreasonable to camp overnight here. 
The inside of the ruins was basically a straight corridor, with several rooms on the left and right. It seemed like the corridor would become a crossroad if they went deeper, but In-gong’s group stopped exploring in front of the first room. 
"Let’s make preparations for the camp.” 
There were walls and ceilings, but this wasn’t enough. There was a large room which was 50 meters long. This wasn’t big for the Gullams, especially Galang, but they made sure it was well-ventilated before setting up a campfire. The room was soon filled with a red light. 
It was bare of any furniture, and the ceilings and walls were old, so it was hard to find traces of anything. 
"We should set it up.” 
In-gong nodded at Felicia’s words and opened his inventory. Unlike the Gullams who were ready after the campfire, In-gong’s group still had a lot of work to do. 
In-gong took out all the materials to build a big tent. He then pulled out the sleeping bags and cooking utensils. The last thing he took out was a bathtub made of pottery. 
“Shutra is the best! Too convenient!” 
Felicia touched the bathtub excitedly. Galang and the other Gullam hunters stared at In-gong with wide eyes. 
“I’m getting used to this now.” 
Carack set up the tent with Karma, and Delia opened a screen and large parasol around the bathroom to set up a bathing room. 
It was a place without a waterway or well, but it didn’t matter. Felicia called the water spirit and filled the bathtub instantly. She didn’t forget to use the fire spirit to heat up the water as well. 
In-gong then pulled out a leather rug to place it on the bottom of the tent. Despite not bringing a big bag, the campsite was like a luxury accommodation with a kitchen and bathing room. 
"Shutra, I’ll wash first.” 
Felicia had been sweating all day, so she couldn’t be happier. She took Delia and Karma into the temporary bathing room. They had a change of clothes because of In-gong’s inventory. 
In-gong used magic to light a fire with the firewood Carack had collected, then he took out cold beverages and handed them to Carack. 
As the Gullam hunters kept staring in surprise, Carack look at the cold beer in his hand and laughed. 
"I once again realized that I am on a trip with a prince.” 
In-gong was able to provide a camp of this luxury in a short amount of time. 
This was because Felicia could use magic and spirits for easy convenience, while In-gong could fit various equipment in his inventory. 
"I’m sorry. The size of the Gullams means this was the only thing I could bring for you.” 
In-gong’s face filled with regret as he brought out large spice shakers almost the size of a human body, which contained salt and pepper. 
"Thank you for this.” 
Galang laughed and put the wyvern meat onto the campfire. As the smell of roasting meat spread, there was the risk of gathering beasts from the forest. However, the party had Green Wind. Green Wind gathered the smell of roasting meat and blew it far away into the sky. 
"Well, even I think it is a scam.” 
In-gong said as he sat on a chair and watched Carack cook. Felicia and the women left the bath almost half an hour later. 
&  
In-gong suddenly opened his eyes. He was in a small one-person tent. There were animal skins and a few blankets on the floor, with Green Wind sleeping beside him. 
She had a warm body temperature in a solid form, while she was a cool breeze in her semi-solid form. 
At first, he was a bit embarrassed about sleeping next to her, but he was so used to it now that he couldn’t sleep well without Green Wind. 
In-gong blinked a few times while stroking Green Wind’s head reflexively. He hadn’t simply been woken from his sleep. 
‘Master?’ 
Green Wind asked in a sleepy voice. Despite being a guardian which didn’t need to sleep, she felt sleepy due to her experiences in the past. 
Instead of answering, In-gong got up. He summoned a small light spirit and left the tent. 
“Your Highness?” 
Galang, who was standing guard, turned toward In-gong. The rest of the Gullam hunters were gathered around the campfire, while Felicia, Delia and Karma’s tent was quiet. Carack was lying at the entrance of In-gong’s tend and opened his eyes with a loud grumble. 
"Prince?" 
In-gong didn’t answer. He raised a hand for Galang and Carack to remain still. 
No sounds could be heard. There was only the sound of wind passing through the hallway. However, In-gong knew instinctively—no, he could feel it. 
Drakon Kechatulla... 
The great dragon warrior— 
Its voice was calling In-gong. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 157 - Chapter 29: War Destruction #8
“Um, did something wake you up?” 
Carack said as he rubbed his eyes. His sleepy voice was full of confusion. He listened for a long time but didn’t hear anything. 
In-gong was too focused to answer. 
He heard a call from deep inside the ruins. 
It was more like a feeling than a voice. 
"Your Highness, I feel something as well... something like a call. But it isn’t a voice. It is hard to explain.” 
Galang said with narrowed eyes. He had a serious nature, so he wouldn’t make up something like this. 
“Umm.” 
Carack looked at the reactions from Galang and the other Gullam hunters before trying to concentrate again. It was something only In-gong and the Gullam hunters could feel. 
‘Master, there is a reaction from White Eagle.’ 
He heard Green Wind’s voice. In-gong turned back and White Eagle, which contained Green Wind, was shaking. He could feel it when he put his hand on the surface of the shield—White Eagle was now resonating with something. 
‘An equipment of an elder dragon?’ 
It was different. Although there was a similar feeling to when he got Night Watch, the call from inside the ruins wasn’t like the resonance between elder dragons. 
As a test, In-gong tried to take out Earth Quaker and Night Watch. Both of the elder dragon equipment was resonating like White Eagle, but the degree of resonance was different. Earth Quaker was the most non-responsive, while White Eagle had the biggest response. 
“Prince, will you leave immediately?” 
Carack asked carefully as he watched In-gong. Instead of answering, In-gong looked toward the tent where Felicia was sleeping. Despite the disturbance, she was fast asleep, and there was no response. 
In-gong checked the clock of the mini-map and said,
"We should wait for the sun to rise. Everyone is tired from having to break through the forest. I don’t know what is inside, but there is no need to rush. Let’s rest for a while.” 
It was a forest where their stamina weakened just by walking due to the heat and humidity. Additionally, they were tense from watching out for various plants and animals. 
“But Prince. Won’t your nerves be irritated by the call?” 
Carack stared at In-gong with worry. In-gong just shrugged at Carack’s question. 
"It isn’t big enough that I can’t ignore it. It is similar to the cry of a cicada?” 
If the noise was repeated regularly, it would become familiar. Carack nodded. 
"I understand, but don’t ignore it too much. If you can’t stand it, speak up right away.” 
"Yes, let's take a look at in the morning." 
In-gong said and went back inside his tent. 
&  
The next morning, the party packed up and left the room. Except for In-gong, the rest of the party were carried by the Gullam hunters. 
Felicia called the light spirit to replace the torches. The consumption of magic power was somewhat severe since this was a big space, but the inside of the corridor became bright like daytime. 
“It really looks like an old place.” 
Despite the fact that the inside of the structure wasn’t affected by storms, the walls were severely damaged. Ornaments and other similar things were so broken that they were hard to recognize. 
As Galang said, the inside of the ruins was calm, and there were no signs of inhabitants. Sometimes, the sound of bugs could be heard in the distance. 
A staircase descended approximately 200 to 300 meters. It was a very long staircase. 
The structure of the second underground floor wasn’t much different from the first floor. There were two large holes which were for the corridor, and several small rooms were attached to the corridor.
"This is like an army barrack.” 
"Army barrack?" 
In-gong asked Carack to clarify his words. Carack scratched his chin as he searched for the words to explain. 
"That, Prince, haven’t you seen it a few times at Evian? The accommodation where the soldiers stay are usually like this. Karma, isn’t that right?” 
“Uh... the barrack I stayed in wasn’t that big.” 
Karma often moved with the centaurs, who had a nomadic lifestyle. It was no wonder she hadn’t experienced this type of military barrack. 
While Karma remained embarrassed, Felicia spoke up,
“According to Carack, could this ruin be the barrack of the ancient giants? That is a pretty interesting opinion.” 
It had been 100 years since the three giant clans of Curtis joined the Demon King’s Palace, so it was quite recent. It wouldn’t be strange if there had been a giant kingdom in the past. 
"Galang, how long have the Gullam clan lived in this forest?” 
Felicia asked from Galang’s shoulder. Galang slowed down like he was afraid of hurting Felicia and said, 
"I only know that it has been a very long time. Just that... during the Era of Struggle, there was a story about living deep in the forest.” 
The Gullam clan had lost their records thanks to the Era of Struggle. In fact, it had been an unusual case for the dark elves to be able to retain incomplete records. The Era of Struggle had been a harsh period when species warfare continued every day. 
"Let’s continue.” 
In-gong listened to the story and ordered Green Wind to go a little further ahead. The group, led by In-gong on White Eagle, headed toward the third floor from the second floor. 
As they descended deeper into the ground, the ruin became narrower, and the concentration of magic power in the air became thicker. Unlike the first and second floor, a few things remained on the third floor. 
“This seems to be a weapons storage.” 
There were shelves in a large room which contained spears and swords, however, they were all very old and broken. There was a large metal armour on the ground which turned to powder when it was touched. Looking at the design, there seemed to be a string or leather which connected the metal, but it seemed to be lost. 
The party continued to head underground. Every time they headed down, the call became louder. 
By the time they reached the fifth underground floor, even the Gullam hunters could feel the call without paying particular attention. 
Then after arriving on the seventh underground floor, the party gulped. Unlike the other floors which had nothing on them, the remains of a giant sitting on a throne was in the middle of the room. 
It seemed to be taller than Galang, who was a big Gullam, and was wearing fairly old armour. In front of the giant’s remains, a large sword was stuck in the ground. 
‘Master.’ 
Green Wind whispered, and In-gong nodded. The origin of the call was the giant sword. 
Drakon Kechatulla— 
It was the dragon warrior from the legend of the giants, and the hero who had defended the world against the evil red serpent god. 
In-gong neared the giant sword on White Eagle. Unlike the other objects in the ruin, the giant black sword was almost intact. 
The handle was in a dragon shape, and there were a long blade. It wasn’t an exaggeration to call it a big pillar since it needed to be big enough for giants to use. 
In-gong took a deep breath and pulled after placing both hands on the sword’s handle. Thanks to his level up, he had been able to overwhelm the berserk Caitlin with his strength. In his attempt to pull the sword out, In-gong’s muscles swelled as he applied force. The giant sword shook greatly, then it was pulled out. 
“Ohh.” 
Carack let out a cry of admiration, while Felicia couldn’t conceal her expression at the absurdity of In-gong holding the giant sword. The Gullam hunters were also surprised. 
‘Master, too heavy.’ 
Green Wind whined as In-gong held the handle. However, In-gong didn’t hear it as he closed his eyes. 
The giant sword was no longer calling out to In-gong now that he was holding it—In-gong just understood it. The giant sword was like a relic of an elder dragon, but it was different from White Eagle, Earth Quaker and Night Watch. 
It was older. It came from the distant past. 
Its nature was different as well. It was difficult to explain, but it was obviously made for a different purpose than the equipment of the elder dragons he had obtained so far. 
[Giant King's Sword] 
[A sword belonging to the leader of the giants.] 
In-gong opened his eyes slowly and looked around to see Galang and the other Gullam warriors on their knees. 
“Drakon Kechatulla.” 
“Drakon Kechatulla.” 
It was the power of the sword, and it wasn’t just a symbol, like the Dragon King’s Golden Helmet. This was a power that could affect the giants directly. 
In-gong placed the Giant King’s Sword into his inventory. At this moment, Galang raised his head. It was a response like he had broken free of something. The Gullam hunters looked at each other with surprised expressions and rushed to get up. 
“Shutra?” 
Felicia jumped down from Galang, approached In-gong and asked a question. In-gong fell to the ground as well as he replied, 
"It felt like an elder dragon was touching me. But it is different from Earth Quaker or White Eagle.” 
The feeling was certain, but there was no way to explain it specifically. In-gong asked Green Wind,
"Green Wind, can you feel anything?” 
“Um, I don’t know. It is familiar but also strange. It is a different feeling from when I encountered Earth Quaker or Night Watch. At that time, I didn’t feel like it was strange.” 
Green Wind too felt a sensation similar to what In-gong felt. 
Felicia looked at In-gong and Green Wind because Green Wind didn’t seem like a simple guardian. 
In-gong smiled bitterly at Felicia’s gaze. Now that he thought about it, he had never discussed the origin of Green Wind. In-gong truly did have many secrets. 
“The origin of Green Wind is Ainkel. A fragment of Ainkel’s soul became self-reliant and gave birth to the guardian, Green Wind.” 
In-gong explained briefly, and Felicia’s eyes shone. 
“The soul of an elder dragon?” 
"Hmm, hmm, that’s right. I am such a being.” 
Green Wind raised her jaw and took a holy pose, just like the first time In-gong met her. 
However, Felicia had already witnessed different types of things. Carack, who had seen the Great Enkidu from the Thunder Light Anvil, made a disappointed expression. 
"The fantasy of the elder dragons is breaking.” 
Delia nodded as she has also seen the illusion of Enkidu. Enkidu had truly felt like a great being in that illusion. 
Green wind made a dissatisfied expression as even Karma, who had once worshipped her, didn’t show any response. Felicia looked around and said, 
"Anyway, these ruins has to do with a dragon... Is there some type of relationship between the elder dragons and the giants?” 
“Maybe.” 
The Giant King's Sword had the ability to rule the giants. He didn’t know the extent of the dominance, but if the elder dragon made such a sword, there was likely to be a much closer relationship than he thought. 
The dragon warrior who had fought against the red serpent god... 
In-gong looked back at the throne. After the Giant King's Sword was pulled out, the remains and armour of the giant king had fallen down. It was like time had accelerated. 
It wasn’t just the remains of the giant king which started to collapse. 
The whole place started to shake. At first, it was only slight but the shaking became increasingly bigger. 
"Prince!” 
Carack exclaimed urgently. Karma grabbed Felicia in a flash and jumped on top of Galang, while Delia also rushed forward. In-gong gestured to Carack as he jumped on White Eagle. 
"Run!" 
The Gullam hunters started to run as rocks were falling from the ceiling. 
These were ruins which had seven underground floors. If they didn’t hurry, they would be crushed by the ruin. 
The Gullam hunters ran desperately, but time was the problem. By the time they reached the second floor, the shaking of the ruin was almost at the level of an earthquake. The floor cracked, and the ceiling was crumbling. 
"Ohhhh!" 
Galang shouted and took the lead. He used the fact that the ceiling was low to step on the rubble and jump to the ground floor. 
‘Master!’ 
The moment that Green Wind screamed, In-gong used Dragon Breath. He used it to shatter the stone which was blocking the middle of the hallway on the first floor. 
The light was near. Instead of running, Galang and the Gullam hunters threw themselves at the light. They rolled on the ground but were able to get out in time. As the last Gullam hunter hit the ground, the entrance of the ruins collapsed completely. 
In-gong hurried toward the Gullam hunters. The people they carried were lying on the ground, but they were fortunately unharmed. Their bodies had been thrown before the Gullam hunters landed on the ground. 
Carack had a tough body, while Amita’s armour had absorbed the shock for Delia. Karma landed smoothly on the ground while carrying Felicia. She staggered somewhat, but due to being a sturdy satyr, she stood firmly without falling. 
After confirming the safety of the party, In-gong looked back at the ruins. There was a hole in the ground where the seven floors had collapsed, and the ground was still shaking as the collapse continued. 
“Huu.” 
The Giant King's Sword was the source of the magic which sustained the ruin. After letting out a long exhale, In-gong opened his inventory and looked at the Giant King's Sword. Although there were some questions left, the result was a success. 
It was clear the elder dragons had a conflict with the four beings of Conquest, War, Death and Famine. Therefore, looking into the Giant King's Sword and red serpent god had a high chance of allowing him to discover new facts.
‘I got my hands on the Giant King's Sword.’ 
Furthermore, thanks to this exploration, he had become aware of Dragon Breath and Dragon Fear. It was a fairly successful result for two days of exploration. 
In-gong couldn’t help smiling before he urged the party to move. They hurriedly left the basin where the ruins used to be. 
Later that night... 
The incubus, Carlos, ran toward In-gong’s party which had returned to the Gullam village. 
Carack listened to what Carlos was gasping out and exclaimed, 
“4th Princess is in danger?!” 
...4th Princess Anastasia Nekrion, the person in charge of Curtis! 
Felicia and Green Wind looked at In-gong reflexively. The Carlos shouted, 
“Ah, no! Your Highness! It is a big deal! The transportation formation has been destroyed!” 
“Transportation formation?” 
Curtis transportation formation was in the centre, not the outskirts. Who would attack the place when it was a few days away from the front lines? 
“What transportation formation is it?” 
Felicia asked hurriedly. The dark elf reinforcements still hadn’t arrived through the transportation formation. It was be frustrating if the transportation formation which connected to the territory of the dark elves was destroyed. 
However, Carlos’ reaction was abnormal. He shouted with a face full of despair, 
"It isn’t just one! All of Curtis’ transportation formations have been attacked!” 
It was a simultaneous strike. This wasn’t something the barbarians located behind the Western Limit Line could do. 
The destruction of the transportation formations was to stop reinforcements from the Demon King’s Palace. What happened? And what was going to happen from now on? 
In-gong gazed toward the north-west, in the direction of the location of the 4th Princess Anastasia and 3rd Prince Victor. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 158 - Chapter 30: Exacerbation
The barbarians beyond the Western Limit Line had a distinctly different appearance from the barbarians beyond the Eastern Limit Line. 
Their average height was over two meters, and they had blue skin. Their long coarse tails were reminiscent of a lizard’s, giving them a strong and flexible third hand or foot. 
That wasn’t all. There were usually one or two horns on their heads, with red or black eyes from which the whites parts were absent. 
Among the tribes living in the Curtis region, the main ones were orcs which could be found anywhere in the Demon World. The next most common were lizardmen and harpies. There were also a handful of lamia. 
Among the species in Curtis, none had an appearance similar to the western barbarians. Due to this, the western barbarians would stand out if they were in Curtis. 
This was what made them different from the eastern barbarians. 
The western barbarians couldn’t infiltrate Curtis like the eastern barbarians had done in Takar and Evian. 
Moreover, Curtis wasn’t a lawless zone like Evian, nor was it a city like Takar where many species came and went. 
It was almost impossible for the western barbarians to penetrate deep into Curtis and attack the transportation formations all at the same time. 
If so, who had done this? Who had destroyed the transportation formations? 
There wasn’t much information transmitted through communicators installed in the Gullam villages.
‘The transportation formation has been attacked. Other places seem to be under attack at the same time as well. The transportation formation has been destroyed.’ 
Those words were shrieked, but there was no further information. 
Felicia took deep breaths. The transportation formations generally had weak defenses. Attacking the transportation formations was an act of treason against the Demon King’s Palace, so it was rare for anyone to try it. They were also mainly located inland, so they weren’t exposed to the enemies. 
It was very shallow thinking, but she hadn’t been aware of the vulnerabilities until the transportation formation had been attacked. 
Felicia thought deeply. As Carlos shouted, the entire transportation formation network in Curtis had been destroyed. 
Carlos had received the communication about the attack an hour ago. There was no additional communication, so it was reasonable to presume they had been destroyed. 
Curtis had five transportation formations, so it would take a lot of organization to attack the five transportation formations at the same time without much of a time difference. Despite the weak defenses, it was a facility of the Demon King’s Palace and wasn’t a place which could be overthrown with impatience. 
Significant organizational skills and strength were required to suppress the entire transportation formation without anyone suspecting. 
As she visualized all the conditions, an answer arose naturally. However, it was an answer she didn’t want to admit. 
Felicia looked at In-gong. It was evident In-gong was thinking the same thing. Carack asked Carlos more questions.
Had he contacted Anastasia? There was no word from the front lines. 
They shouldn’t expect any instructions from Anastasia, so they had to go and check out the situation. 
Carlos stammered out, 
“There were no instructions from Anastasia. The only communication from the nearest military facility was a command to wait.” 
Carack asked who managed the facility. 
Felia, In-gong, Felicia and Carack swallowed their saliva as they waited for Carlos’ reply. 
Carlos’ answer was short and terrible, 
"T-the Paran tribe.” 
One of Curtis’ three giant clans. They were a powerful force called the barrier of the Western Limit Line. 
Carack looked at In-gong. Although it was just a hypothesis, In-gong, Carack and Felicia all thought the same thing. 
The Paran clan had betrayed them. 
&  
The life of information was speed. 
By delaying the transmission of information, the eyes and ears of people could be covered. 
The news that the transportation formations had been destroyed didn’t reach Anastasia. There was a long distance between the fortress where she was and the transportation formations—a distance which couldn’t be seen with the naked eye. If the news wasn’t transmitted, there would be no way for Anastasia to know about the fall of the transportation formations. 
It was the chief of the Paran clan, Berkintox, who had blocked the information. Once all five of Curtis’ transportation formations were destroyed by the Hwarin, he stood on a fortress overlooking the Western Limit Line. 
The plan was proceeding smoothly. The transportation formations were destroyed, and the news hadn’t spread. He couldn’t completely block the delivery of the information to some areas in the rear, but that wasn’t a big problem. The important thing was that the main base wasn’t aware of the destruction. 
The destruction of the transportation formations meant that intervention from the Demon King’s Palace was blocked. By the time the reinforcements entered Curtis, the situation would already be over. Even if they sent a large army, the result would still be the same. 
After receiving the reports from his loyal men, Berkintox proceeded to the next step. 
It was an easy task to occupy the fortresses connected to the limit line. The nightmares Anastasia had dispatched to the fortresses didn’t doubt the Paran clan due to their exchanges over the past month. The history of the Paran tribe, who had devoted their loyalty to the Demon King’s Palace over the past hundreds of years without any treason, was also helpful. 
The incubi were all killed while the succubi were left as gifts for those who would soon be arriving. 
The reports continued—all three fortresses in the vicinity of the limit line were in the hands of the Paran clan. 
Berkintox ordered them to open their gates. The fortress gates, which had been closed firmly for many years, opened up and accepted the barbarians beyond the Western Limit Line. 
The barbarians walked into Curtis and were delighted to receive the succubi, the gift from Berkintox. They accepted the alliance with the Paran tribe, who had killed them for many years, without hesitation. The reason for this was simple—the being behind both of them was the same one. 
After crossing the limit line, the barbarians moved quickly. Exactly half of them moved to occupy the fortresses near the limit line, while the other half dug deeper into Curtis. They headed to the central fortress where Anastasia was staying. 
&  
It had been approximately one hour since the start of the attack on the transportation formations. 
Around the time In-gong and Felicia suspected the Paran clan’s betrayal, numerous deaths occurred on the front lines where the information had been blocked off. 
The troops who were guarding the fortresses faithfully, greeted their deaths without knowing about the Paran tribe’s betrayal. The orcs, who raised their spears and swords on the walls, had to watch helplessly as the gates opened. 
Berkintox thought it would take two hours. Indeed, it went according to his thoughts. Anastasia only realized what was happening after an hour had passed and the surrounding fortresses had fallen. 
Anastasia wasn’t incompetent, however, Berkintox had effectively masked her eyes and ears. 
The barbarians surrounded the central fortress. Sadly for Berkintox and the barbarians, the gates didn’t open easily this time. It was because Anastasia had hastened to act after realizing what had happened. 
Indeed, she led one of the three major factions in the Demon King’s Palace for a reason. After noticing the Paran clan’s betrayal, she took control of the central fortress instantly. 
However, by that time, it was too late. Once two hours had passed like Berkintox had anticipated, Anastasia was isolated in the middle of the barbarians. 
Berkintox acknowledged Anastasia’s capabilities, but he was also well aware of her limits. It was why he didn’t rush to the central fortress and cut off her neck. 
It was up to the barbarians to make the central fortress fall. Some of the barbarians and orcs, who had betrayed the Demon King’s Palace, spoke about Anastasia’s slyness, but their words were insignificant to Berkintox. 
He led the Paran warriors past the central fortress to secure the rear bases which might be confused by the sudden command to wait. 
It had been two to three hours since the transportation formations had been destroyed. General Sorak, an orc, reported urgent news to Berkintox. 
"Victor is outside the fortress!” 
3rd Prince Victor Nekrion... 
He was the older brother of 4th Princess Anastasia Nekrion and a powerful magician. 
Victor had led a group of troops to inspect the facilities and villages to the south of the central fortress. 
It was a fact Berkintox didn’t know because Victor had moved secretly. 
The generally bold Sorak was restless. Victor was a child of the demon king, and he wasn’t an easy opponent. It was clear he would gather the troops in the south to rescue Anastasia. 
So, right now, he should be returning to the central fortress to help support it. 
However, Berkintox didn’t think so. Having seen Anastasia and Victor over the past month, he found a serious error in them Sorak didn’t know about. 
“It is more important to keep moving forward and take control of the rear bases. The barbarians will take care of Princess Anastasia as planned.” 
Hearing this, Sorak yelled and questioned Berkintox. Securing Anastasia was important, and it wasn’t because she was a powerful magician. 
Securing Anastasia was a means to overwhelm those who didn’t agree with them or who had yet to grasp the full scope of the situation. It was also aimed at getting rid of those who were loyal to the Demon King’s Palace. 
However, Berkintox was just leaving her alone. What if Victor really went to rescue Anastasia? 
“He won’t go.” 
Berkintox declared, while Sorak wondered what he was talking about. 
Berkintox recalled his memories of Anastasia and Victor instead of explaining, and he couldn’t help laughing bitterly. 
&  
Victor Nekrion stared into the darkness. His aide, the succubus, Perope, listed the information discovered so far. 
All the transportation formations had been destroyed. The fortresses at the Western Limit Line had opened their gates, and the barbarians had taken over all the fortresses in the area. The process had been so easy that there had to be traitors. 
The number of barbarians surrounding the central fortress couldn’t be grasped, and there were no troops nearby to support the central fortress. It had been besieged, and the number of barbarians kept growing. It was estimated that monsters beyond the limit line had also crossed over. 
Time continued to flow, and with every minute and second that passed, the situation became worse. 
Should he go and save Anastasia with his current forces? If there were strikes from the inside and outside, he could get her out somehow. 
Victor made calculations in his head, then he came to a conclusion. 
“Don’t go.” 
The chance of saving Anastasia was too low, and it would become worse if Victor tried to save her. 
"Anastasia would have the same idea.” 
Victor turned around with no signs of regret. Perope, a long time aide of Victor, looked in the direction of the central fortress where Anastasia was but didn’t try to persuade Victor otherwise. 
This was a rational judgement, not one due to sentiment or emotion. Like Victor said, Anastasia would be thinking the same thing. 
Victor moved to the south instead of the north, where the central fortress was located. He planned to secure the southern troops which had yet to fall into the hands of the traitors. 
&  
It was late at night. While everyone else was sleeping, it was the time when the minds of the nightmares were the clearest. 
Anastasia accepted the situation which was changing rapidly. She pushed down her anger at the treachery and made efforts to grasp the situation. 
It wasn’t good. This was a desperate situation. The time to hurry and retreat had already passed. The central fortress was completely surrounded, and the attack would start soon. 
Anastasia took a deep breath. Her aide, the succubus, Chandra, begged her despite knowing it wouldn’t work. 
‘Run away alone.’ If she were alone, she would be able to escape somehow as the siege wasn’t complete yet. 
However, Anastasia wouldn’t listen. She wasn’t someone who could throw away her people and run away alone. 
It wasn’t because of affection. She didn’t love the people below her. However, it was her duty and responsibility as someone in a higher position. 
The nightmares were on the fortress walls, preparing to stop the attack. The soldiers encouraged each other by saying Prince Victor would come with reinforcements. 
The words were good, but Anastasia gave a heartbreaking smile. 
"Orabeoni won’t come.” 
He wouldn’t come. Victor would probably move to secure the troops in the south. If so, Anastasia’s role was to buy as much time as possible for him. 
Chandra didn’t deny Anastasia’s words. However, what if the situation was reversed? Would Anastasia throw Victor away? 
It was a meaningless speculation. Anastasia laughed bitterly. 
"I’m glad that I sent Felicia to the rear.” 
They might have crossed words at Baikal orabeoni’s tea party, but Felicia was Anastasia’s favourite sister. She had placed Felicia at the very rear, so Felicia wouldn’t be swept up in this. 
‘Will she try to come rescue me?’ 
It was a scenario which was possible if it were Felicia. She was a person who behaved emotionally, rather than with her head. 
Anastasia recalled Silvan. He would act stupidly if Felicia were in her situation right now. Even if he were alone, Silvan would probably rush to the central fortress to save her. 
It was stupid. Even so, he was a good fool. Somehow, Anastasia didn’t hate it. 
Anastasia changed her bitter expression back to a cold and elegant smile. She then shook her head and stared at the barbarians beyond the fortress. 
There were too many of them. The roar of the monsters, heard from afar, tightened a grip around her heart. 
However, Anastasia wasn’t afraid. If she showed fear, everyone in the fort would fall into greater anxiety and terror. 
Dawn would arrive soon. 
The battle of the central fortress began. 
TL Note: 
I actually felt better a few days ago but being sick has made me fall really behind on my schoolwork. There is still a bit left, so the schedule for the rest of the week will be irregular. Basically, whenever I finish a chapter. The regular schedule will resume starting from next week.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 159 - Chapter 30: Exacerbation #2
Curtis had a fairly large number of troops from the Demon King’s Palace stationed there. 
Compared to other areas, Curtis had too much rain, so the ground didn’t dry out. In contrast to Evian, which was a wasteland, Curtis was a blessed land. 
In the western part which had direct contact with the Western Limit Line, the Paran clan was the main axis of the army. The number of clan members reached 1,000, and almost all of them were part of the demon king’s army. They were giants, so each one could exert the strength of hundreds of soldiers. 
To the south of the Western Limit Line, the lizardmen resided in a huge swamp area which bordered the large forest. Unlike the lizardmen who lived near the Jishuka Mountains, these ones had been loyal to the Demon King’s Palace for a significant number of years. The superiority of the Paran clan was great, so the lizardmen were relatively undervalued. However, they possessed excellent courage and outstanding combat skills. 
In the eastern part of Curtis, the army consisted mainly of orcs. 
The orcs occupied a considerable proportion of almost all of Curtis’ area, not just the east but the west and south as well. If the Paran clan and lizardmen were important organs, the orcs were the blood which made them function properly. 
The forest, where the Gullam hunters were stationed, was the most distant area from the west and east of Curtis, and only a small number of soldiers were placed there. Since it was the rear with a low chance of facing the enemy, only a small unit was needed to patrol and maintain the security. 
As the western part of Curtis landed in the hands of the western barbarians, 3rd Prince Victor and Paran chief Berkintox headed south and east, respectively. 
Victor’s goal was to secure the lizardmen. In a situation where the Paran tribe’s betrayal was evident, he placed more hope in the south, than the east. It was likely the lizardmen, who were usually on bad terms with the Paran clan, wouldn’t agree to a rebellion. 
As Victor expected, Berkintox hadn’t allied with the lizardmen. Thus, Berkintox headed east instead of south. He would use the orcs, who had revolted in the west, to absorb the orcs of the east and turn them into allies. Simultaneously, they would intercept the connection between the Demon King’s Palace and Curtis. 
It was an urgent night. All of Curtis was rattled by the destruction of the transportation formations. 
Berkintox sat on the back of a mighty monster and stared toward the east. The monster resembled a horse but had six legs, and it grew beyond the Western Limit Line. It was a special gift the barbarians had prepared for Berkintox. 
Berkintox’s life was marked by fighting with the barbarians. He had lived a lifetime as a faithful warrior of the Demon King’s Palace. 
So, it was no wonder that Anastasia had never imagined the Paran clan’s betrayal. 
In the hundreds of years since the Demon King’s Palace had been established, the Paran clan had always been loyal. Many years had passed with no deception. 
Moreover, there was no motive for the Paran clan to betray the Demon King’s Palace. 
The western part of Curtis belonged to the Paran clan originally. They had lived on the land and fought the barbarians beyond the limit line before the Demon King’s Palace had even been established. They hadn’t been forced to join the demon king’s army.
The people of the Paran clan weren’t as foolish as the various species found throughout the Demon World—Berkintox and his ancestors didn’t forget one fact. 
The Paran clan was strong, but the Demon King’s Palace was stronger. Even if the Paran clan revolted and took Curtis, it would only last for a short time. The Paran clan wouldn’t be able to hold on once the Demon King’s Palace moved to take Curtis back. It was a fact they felt more strongly due to belonging to the army. 
Once again, there was no reason for betrayal as the consequences of the betrayal would be terrible. 
Why would they incite a rebellion despite knowing this? Anyone who doubted the Paran tribe would have been insane. 
That’s why Anastasia hadn’t felt any doubt, and neither could Victor imagine the betrayal of the Paran clan. 
Berkintox made calculations in his head. He figured out the time it would take for the Demon King’s Palace to figure out that the transportation formations had been destroyed and the time it would take to dispatch the army. 
Then Berkintox concluded that it was enough. He could fight against the Demon King’s Palace and win. 
It was impossible with just the Paran clan. This was a goal which couldn’t be accomplished even if they joined hands with the barbarians. Even if all of the powers in Curtis were gathered, it would just be a dream. 
However, Berkintox dreamt of the impossible. He truly thought it was possible. 
It was due to the person he’d met. 
It was thanks to him that Berkintox and the western barbarians could join forces. 
His plan, his goal... 
The collapse of the Demon King’s Palace. It was inevitable that a new order would dominate the Demon World. 
Berkintox produced the red energy of War. As an apostle of war, he spread the fires of war. 
&  
The night deepened. 
The barbarians surrounding the central fortress didn’t attack instantly. They just shrieked in an eerie manner all night. 
It was a clever act. 
There was an order to the barbarians’ movements, who seemed disorderly at first sight. They moved in shifts. There was a group which howled to scare the central fortress and a group which rested. 
The barbarians’ behaviour was to hide several things. 
First, it was to buy enough time to gather more barbarians. 
Barbarians were still coming from beyond the Western Limit Line. The barbarians, who had helped Paran tribe take over the other fortresses, were moving to the central fortress. 
The second was to harass the central fortress. 
The barbarians knew there would be no fighting during the night. It was also virtually impossible for the troops stationed at the central fortress to start the battle first. 
However, the central fortress didn’t know these facts which meant they couldn’t rest easily for one moment during the night. Furthermore, staying up all night would cause tension and fatigue which would weaken the army. 
Thirdly, night was the time of the nightmares. 
The barbarians weren’t nocturnal. It was daytime, not night, which was familiar to them. 
Night was the time of the nightmares. Anastasia and her nightmare troops could exert more power during the night than the day. So, from the barbarians’ point of view, it was natural to avoid a night battle. Fighting the enemy at that time, when they were stronger, would be a foolish act which not even a monster would make. 
Anastasia discovered all of this, but even if she told them there would be no fighting tonight, the soldiers of the central fortress wouldn’t be able to rest. In the end, it was just a guess. Moreover, if soldiers weren’t seen on the walls, the barbarians would strike. The barbarians held the initiative in this fight. 
Anastasia thought positively.  Buying more time wasn’t only useful for the barbarians. Although Victor had abandoned Anastasia, she hadn’t given up. 
She would hold on. If she survived for a while, there was still hope. 
Anastasia ordered the nightmares to rest and also had the soldiers on the walls sleep in shifts. The nightmares used a sleeping magic, unique to them, for the soldiers who couldn’t sleep due to tension and fear. 
After climbing up to the top of the walls, Anastasia looked down at the barbarians. According to her estimates, their number exceeded 20,000. 
How long could she hold on? 
Anastasia didn’t calculate it. In the few hours left before the battle started, she prepared as many magic spells as possible. 
Then at dawn, the sun rose to signal morning. 
The barbarians started to move. 
&  
The roar of a monster announced the start of the battle. It was followed by the sound of horns which shook the entire central fortress. 
The barbarians were faithful to the basics. There were 20,000~30,000 warriors, so they chose the most effective means of attack when surrounding a fortress. 
They rushed from every side of the central fortress with shouts which seemed to tear the sky apart. 
The walls of the central fortress were thick and high. Even though the Paran clan had an average height of 10 meters, the high walls were at least 30 meters in height. 
On top of that, soldiers from the demon king’s army were present. Although they were lacking, in comparison to the 30,000 enemies, they didn’t lose their nerves as they fought bravely. 
"Shoot!" 
The soldiers fired arrows from the fortress. The barbarians raised their shields above their heads and ran through the heavy rain of arrows. The number of arrows was less than the number of barbarians which were coming from four directions. 
The barbarians stuck to the walls. Some were carrying hooks and look ladders recovered from the fortresses near the limit line. 
The demon king’s troops poured boiling oil and stones down the walls. It was already a situation where they couldn’t shoot arrows as the barbarians were climbing up the walls. 
Kwang!
There was a roar and the walls shook significantly. It was the sound of a monster, whose body was around 20 meters long, banging against the walls. The monster’s head was very big and hard. 
The soldiers were confused at the existence of such a monster. They couldn’t imagine how to deal with it. 
Originally, the Paran clan would be the ones to deal with such monsters. So, it was doubtful the attacks from common monsters would work. 
However, it wasn’t just the monsters striking the walls which made things difficult. 
Barbarians riding on the backs of wyverns covered the sky. Some fired energy shots toward the walls, while others descended and picked up soldiers. 
In this terrible situation, the only thing they could believe in was magic. The 200 nightmares dispatched to Curtis, along with Anastasia, poured out magic toward the barbarians. 
However, it wasn’t efficient. The mental magic, which was the best specialty of the nightmares, was being blocked. 
The red aura around the barbarians meant they didn’t fall to the lure of the nightmares. The nightmares had no choice but to respond with attack spells. 
Anastasia stood on the western wall, which was receiving the heaviest attacks. She wore armour and searched the ground and sky with cold eyes. 
She was one of the three children closest to becoming the demon king, and the position of demon king wasn’t something she could get just on the strength of her forces. 
Anastasia sprinkled lightning into the sky, and there was a loud sound like a thunderstorm. White lightning flashed, and a huge lightning bolt struck a wyvern. The wyvern crashed to the ground without screaming, and the lightning continued. It bounced and hit another wyvern. 
Anastasia didn’t watch the chain of deaths. As lightning struck, huge flames emerged from her hands. The barrier of fire swept from the ground to the top of the wall, burning the barbarians hanging on the wall mercilessly. 
There were cheers of joy from the soldiers of the demon king. Instead of cheering, Anastasia caught her breath. She created a new lightning chain after the last chain broke off at the fifth wyvern. 
As expected from the demon king’s child. She was a ray of hope to the soldiers. Actius, the king of the western barbarians who was watching the sight from afar, smiled happily. 
Powerful magic was required to knock down a wyvern with one block. 
How many times could she use that magic? 
Although she was a child of the demon king, she was only a woman in her early 20s. Even if her magical accomplishments were excellent, she clearly had limits. 
Actius gave a command. 
‘Continue.’ 
He didn’t care about the number of sacrifices as long as he could take care of the demon king’s beautiful daughter. 
It wasn’t that the barbarians had no fear of death. It was common for them to hesitate if they were going to be killed by a terrible magic spell. Anastasia knew this fact, which was why she was using some extreme magic despite it being unreasonable. 
Yet something unimaginable was taking place. Upon the order, the barbarians rushed forward without any fear. They offered their lives generously. 
It was due to the red aura of war. Unlike those who were paralyzed by reason, they absorbed the madness of war and didn’t fear death. 
The attacks were repeated, and numerous barbarians were killed by the brilliant magic. However, the wave of barbarians never stopped. 
As they continued to rush forward, the magic of the nightmares became weaker. The unreasonable magic use ate at the spirit of some of the nightmares. Additionally, using such strong magic in succession drained their magic power. 
Anastasia still looked strong, but it was only a matter of time. The interval at which she used magic became slightly longer, and the number of soldiers who turned to wielding a sword, instead of magic, at the barbarians gradually increased. 
Actius smiled leisurely at the sight as he watched Anastasia eagerly. 
Some time passed by. 
The soldiers on the walls were exhausted. One minute felt like a long time, and the endless waves of barbarians exhausted the spirit of the demon king’s army. 
Sweat was flowing down Anastasia’s body. She had killed over 20 wyverns, but there were still more in the sky. Five barbarians riding wyverns sneered at Anastasia. 
Hooks were caught on the walls. The barbarians wrapped in red energy were climbing the walls quickly. Ironically, the western wall, which contained Anastasia and the strongest defense, would be the first to fall. 
Anastasia gritted her teeth. Even if her mental magic didn’t work, she couldn’t let it end this way. She couldn’t tolerate the fact that she couldn’t even last a day. 
She squeezed out her magic power. Ignoring the mental fatigue, Anastasia drank potions to restore her magic power. Finally, she aimed Fire Arrow at the head of a barbarian which had reached the top of the wall. 
Once again, her magic didn’t betray her. The Fire Arrow didn’t stop at piercing the barbarian’s head and burnt it as well. The barbarian screamed and fell from the wall. 
At that moment, Anastasia’s vision turned red. It was a temporary disability caused by excessive magic power usage. 
She would recover in a few seconds at most, but that time was fatal on a battlefield. As Anastasia’s eyes and ears were covered for a few seconds, many things happened. A few barbarians climbed over the wall and wielded their weapons at the weary soldiers. 
Then a monster struck the wall. The earth shook, and the wyverns screamed in the sky. 
Anastasia staggered. Once she regained her sight, she raised her head. At that moment, she barely managed to repress a knee-jerk scream. 
A wyvern was right in front of her. The sharp claws were heading toward her like a hawk grabbing prey. 
She had to use magic. At the very least, she should move her body and avoid it. 
Anastasia moved desperately, letting out random bursts of magic power while rolling across the ground. 
Kiaack!
The wyvern flew and avoided the explosion of magic power. Anastasia rolled across the ground and got up hurriedly. Then a barbarian approached and swung a club at Anastasia’s head. Anastasia’s aide, Chandra, screamed, and Anastasia twisted her body. After avoiding the club, Anastasia grabbed the back of the barbarian and released magic power, taking him down. 
Anastasia panted heavily before straightening her posture. Chandra sighed with relief, but at that moment, the previous wyvern discovered Anastasia again and flew forward with a wide open mouth. 
It was an energy shot. Anastasia had a gut feeling she wouldn’t be able to avoid it this time. Despair and fear were seen in her eyes for the first time. 
She had to move—move and avoid this attack somehow! 
Kwakakakakang!
There was a loud boom. Anastasia flinched, but then she saw it. 
A huge pillar of light was sweeping across the wyvern. 
The pillar of light shone an intense green. It couldn’t be compared to the energy shot from the wyvern. 
Anastasia staggered, then suddenly, there was a strong arm wrapped around her waist. 
A dark blue fog had spread around her. Shortly after this happened, Anastasia realized she was in someone’s arms. 
Anastasia, who thought of Baikal for a moment, blinked, staring dumbly at the figure before her. 
She was so surprised that it took a moment to recall his name. 
“Sh-utra?” 
Instead of answering, his sharp eyes stared at the battlefield. Anastasia was once again confused. Over the past few months, Shutra had gained some brilliant achievements. At the court gatherings, he had shown an appearance different from his old self. However, she couldn’t help feeling surprised. 
Did he look like this? No, was this truly Shutra? 
He was tall, his arms were firm, and aura and magic power were overflowing from him. 
Anastasia recovered herself. As she stayed in Shutra’s arms, she restored her reasoning as much as possible. 
Shutra was here. 
Had the reinforcements arrived? Did Felicia lead the Gullam here? 
Joy soared inside her, but at the same time, she was confused. 
It was impossible—the distance was too far. It was simply impossible for Felicia and reinforcements to reach here. 
Anastasia looked at the sky. It was still full of barbarians riding on wyverns. At that moment, Anastasia understood. 
Shutra was alone. 
Shutra was the only one who had reached the central fortress. 
In-gong released Anastasia from his arms. As her legs sagged, Anastasia stared at In-gong blankly. She couldn’t understand it. 
‘Why has Shutra come to this place?
‘What can he do alone?’ 
In-gong looked at Anastasia. It seemed like she had unintentionally voiced that last thought. 
In-gong smiled instead of answering. He activated Dragon Blood and his quad-core at the same time. 
Earth Quaker gave an angry roar, and a tremendous power rose from In-gong’s body. It was a power which seemed like it could overwhelm the surroundings just by standing there. It was like an answer to her question of what he could do alone. 
Anastasia opened her mouth unconsciously. Then In-gong turned around. He watched the energy of war which covered the entire barbarian camp and triggered the power of Conquest. 
“Below the King’s Flag.” 
In-gong grabbed the white flag. 
The power of Conquest spread with every step In-gong took. 
The fight of the Conquest Knight had begun. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 160 - Chapter 31: Overwhelming
Zephyr was the protagonist of the Demon World in Knight Saga. 
He was a strong warrior and magician, but he never stood alone on the battlefield. 
As a commander, Zephyr ruled the battlefield with his loyal subordinates and soldiers. 
In-gong stood on the wall and looked down at the battlefield. His line of sight was filled with barbarians; there were over ten thousand of them. This wasn’t like the army of eastern barbarians he’d fought in Takar. 
Their numbers were several times that, and the army was at least three times stronger. 
In-gong couldn’t fight using Zephyr’s method, as he lacked the forces to fight against a big army. 
Then what should he do? 
In-gong took a deep breath. There was another protagonist in Knight Saga. 
The protagonist of the Human World was the warrior, Locke.  
Locke wasn’t a prince. He had trustworthy companions whom he shared life and death with, but he didn’t have a loyal army of thousands who would die for him. 
Locke was a leader—a mighty warrior who brought hope to a desperate battlefield. 
‘It is irrational.’ 
Locke’s style of fighting was different from Zephyr’s, so he was always at a disadvantage in a fight. 
He was the brave warrior who advanced toward the Demon King’s Palace. After passing through tens of thousands of soldiers to reach the demon king, Locke finally became the hero who killed the demon king. 
Locke’s method was different from Zephyr’s, and In-gong had to fight using it. In-gong would become a one man army who would reverse the situation. 
However, Locke was strong and had learnt Knight Saga’s SS rank technique, the Warrior’s Sword.  
'I don't know.’ 
In-gong let out a long breath. The SS ranked Divine Sura Authority created a flow of aura which was breathtaking. 
He had three equipment from the elder dragon, and Amita had tuned them so well that they were incomparable to normal S rank equipment. 
‘Master.’ 
Green Wind became a breeze which wrapped around In-gong’s whole body. She was just like Beatrice was to Locke. 
Truth be told, it didn’t matter if she was lacking in support when compared to Beatrice. 
Green Wind only had the strength of the wind. However, unlike Beatrice, she was always with In-gong. If he had to choose between Beatrice and Green Wind, In-gong would choose Green Wind without any hesitation. 
Moreover, it wasn’t just Green Wind who accompanied In-gong. 
‘Conquer.’ 
From the depths of his soul, the voice of the white woman with red and blue eyes was heard. The power of Conquest continued to increase. 
In-gong felt a sharp sensation on his lips, and divine sparks rose over Amita’s newly created Dragon Scale Greaves. 
It was the final flame—the woman who took In-gong’s first kiss. 
For reference, the second one had been Green Wind. Somehow, it didn’t feel like he had been kissed twice, but a kiss was still a kiss. 
In-gong laughed and made a fist, then he concentrated aura and magic power on Earth Quaker. 
Anastasia had said, ‘What can you do alone?’ 
Her words were right. It was impossible for In-gong to overthrow an army alone. 
However, In-gong didn’t have to take out the big army alone. 
“Carack.” 
Using Night Watch's power, In-gong hovered in the air slightly and used Call. Carack was a capable aide and knew why In-gong had called him. Instead of asking questions, he walked over to the disconcerted Anastasia. 
Carack’s role was to act as Anastasia’s escort. He would be able to protect her from blind attacks on the battlefield. 
In-gong shifted his gaze toward the sky and the ground, prioritizing them both. 
It was definitely far from Zephyr’s battle style. Moreover, Zephyr wouldn’t be here in the first place. 
Anastasia was a competitor for the throne. So, from Zephyr’s point of view, it would be best to just let her die. 
However, In-gong was here. 
It wasn’t because Felicia had begged him to save Anastasia. 
Nor had he calculated that saving her would improve their relationship and gain a political favour. 
In-gong wanted things to change. 
He wanted to destroy the ending of Knight Saga where all of the demon king’s children died. 
‘I like this about Master.’ 
Green Wind said suddenly, as though she had read his heart. In-gong smiled and separated White Eagle from Black Eagle. The two of them shone with a green light and started to revolve around In-gong. 
“Let’s go, Green Wind.” 
'Let’s go, Master.’ 
No further preparation was needed, and In-gong rose up into the air. The power of Conquest spread out, focusing everyone’s attention on him. 
'Like a warrior!’ 
In-gong flew forward like a flash toward the closest wyvern. The dark blue Night Watch made a rough trajectory in the wind. 
Kwakakakang!
There was a huge roar. In-gong accelerated past the wyvern instantly, with White Eagle and Black Eagle breaking its neck. As red blood splashed out from the wyvern, In-gong was already flying toward the second wyvern. 
There were continuous roars, and In-gong accelerated past each wyvern. It wasn’t long before the seventh wyvern fell to the ground. 
The loud sounds in the sky, along with the falling wyverns, were enough to make a strong impression. 
The number of eyes staring at In-gong increased. There were still a few wyverns left in the sky, but In-gong’s next goal was the ground. 
While soaring in the sky, In-gong changed direction suddenly. He dived toward the ground and stretched out his right hand, grabbing Ascalon from his inventory. 
He then unfolded the Dragon Bane—Ascalon’s super special move! 
In-gong appeared as a lightning bolt as the charging lance struck the neck of a huge monster. The monster couldn’t endure the horrific shock and collapsed instantly. Astonishment and shock ensued as the monster cried out with pain. 
As Dragon Bane was stronger against dragons, the monster wasn’t killed with one blow. 
However, In-gong didn’t mind. The important thing wasn’t to stop the monster’s breath—it was enough to show that the monster could be neutralized by a single strike. 
More gazes gathered on him. The battles on all sides of the fortress subsided, and as all eyes stared at him, In-gong inhaled deeply. He placed Ascalon back in his inventory, while he climbed onto the neck of the monster! 
‘Black Specter!’ 
A dark blue fog spread out. The flapping sounds of hundreds of wings caught everyone’s ears. The dark fog started from the neck of the monster, crossing more than 100 meters to reach the main force of the barbarians. 
It was a fearsome sight. The black fog descended and swallowed everything in its path. Despite the flapping wings, loud screams could be heard clearly. 
Then the sound of the wings stopped. The dark fog dissipated, and a white light emerged. 
In-gong raised the king’s flag once again, then he spread out the power of Conquest. The red energy of war, which had been covering the barbarians, was destroyed. 
There were hundreds of barbarians at In-gong’s feet, but none of them were able to shoot their bows or throw their spears. 
In-gong had overwhelmed them temporarily. The whole battlefield looked at him, and he stared out at what was before him. 
He looked at Actius, the king of the western barbarians. 
In-gong already knew what to do next. He wasn’t a warrior who led through fighting like Karatus, the king of the eastern barbarians. Actius was a cowardly ruler. Therefore, he was always away from the main area of his first attack. 
"Bedora!” 
A monster standing beside Actius, opened its mouth at Actius’ command. 
The monster was a horn drake, a land type dragon. It was a monster whose body was 30 meters long, and it ran on the ground with four feet without any wings. 
A fearsome power was focused on the giant horn on the forehead, and a pillar of light three meters in diameter shot out from its mouth. It was a fearsome breath incomparable to that of the wyverns’. 
In-gong glared at it. Instead of using Blink, he combined White Eagle and Black Eagle before him. Following Night Watch’s super special move, Black Specter, he used White Eagle’s super special move this time. 
‘Absolute Area!’ 
The moment the red pillar hit White Eagle, the sky turned red. The pillar split into hundreds and thousands of pieces, alternating their direction toward the sky and the ground. 
Then someone screamed. This was just the beginning. 
Kwang!
 
Kwang!
 
Kwang!
 
Kwang!
 
Kwang!
A heavy rain of light poured down from the sky. Confusion and terror spread every time a ray of light hit the ground. 
Actius panicked and so did the horn drake, who shot out the breath. 
However, In-gong didn’t wait for either of them. The dark fog exploded once again under the torrent of light. 
Blink—In-gong used Blink three times in succession to break through the zone of heavy firepower. He then drew back his right fist as he moved forward. 
His target wasn’t Actius. In-gong focused all the power of his quad-core on one point. 
Then he used one attack. 
Following Night Watch and White Eagle, it was Earth Quaker’s super special move! 
‘True Destruction!’ 
In-gong struck the neck and chest of the horn drake. The power of destruction sprang out and crushed the horn drake’s body. 
Kwaaaaaang!
It was like thunder had struck the ground. The power of destruction, which combined both aura and magic power, seemed to break both the sky and the earth. 
The horn drake didn’t scream. Its head simply fell to the ground, and once the huge body collapsed, it caused the earth to shake. 
Dust and dirt rose up. Surprised by the sound of thunder near him, Actius gasped. 
He couldn’t comprehend the situation and was paralyzed by what happened. It seemed like a terrible nightmare. 
The other barbarians were the same. It was pointless to see how many had died and how many were left. The only thing that remained in their heads was the power of the destruction.
There was a calm in the storm. Once again, the black fog exploded in the midst of the tension, anxiety and fear. 
With the last Blink, In-gong landed on the ground in front of Actius. 
In-gong was tired as well. He had used four successive super special moves, but he couldn’t stop here. He had to finish it properly. 
In-gong gathered his remaining aura and magic power as he stared at Actius. He took out various scrolls he’d received from Felicia from his inventory as well. Wind, fire and lightning exploded in all directions, causing a disruption in the surrounding area. 
Actius was overwhelmed by In-gong and moved quickly. Instead of rushing toward In-gong, he started to escape urgently. He had already witnessed In-gong’s movements, so he didn’t stop. 
It was as In-gong thought. In Knight Saga, Actius would escape if there was any sign of danger. It happened when Actius was convinced he couldn’t keep fighting or win the battle. 
The barbarians around Actius panicked. They fell into confusion and didn’t run toward In-gong, nor did they escape with Actius. 
Instead of attacking the barbarians, In-gong burnt the banner of war which was next to Actius. The flag played a central role in supplying energy to the battlefield, so the effect was indeed enormous. The aura of war covering the whole battlefield was removed, causing further confusion. 
That wasn’t all. Green Wind appeared next to In-gong and shouted toward the sky, 
“The barbarian king has fled!” 
“Fled!” 
“Fled!” 
The amplified voice spread over the sky of the battlefield. 
There were those who couldn’t see the entire battlefield, so it was easy to be deceived. Moreover, the spirit of war which had been controlling the barbarians’ spirits had disappeared. It wasn’t possible for the barbarians to maintain a sense of calm. 
The ranks of the main body, who had actually witnessed Actius fleeing, collapsed. They were also witnesses to In-gong’s overwhelming ability, so they chose to escape instead of fighting him. As dozens of barbarians ran away, the flow quickly grew to hundreds and then thousands. 
Those at the left and right wings, which were distant from the centre, were confused by the movements of the center. It was the same for those on top of the fortress. 
Anastasia blinked with a dumbfounded expression. She couldn’t believe everything that had happened before her eyes. 
At that moment, Carack shouted from in front of Anastasia, 
“Princess! Now!” 
Anastasia’s eyes widened, and she immediately understood the situation. It was now the time to give support from the rear. 
The barbarians’ escape was just a temporary phenomenon. In order to spread that phenomenon to all the barbarians, military power was necessary. 
Anastasia pulled out a potion and drank it. After recovering her magic power forcibly, she gave a command she had never imagined would be shouted today. 
"Open the gates! Support Shutra!” 
&  
The whole battlefield began to transform. 
The barbarians, who had lost the energy of war, were no longer immune to spirit magic. The result of Anastasia’s long term spirit magic was really frightening. The completely deceived wyverns then poured energy shots toward the barbarians. The individual barbarians were not controlling the monsters—the nightmares were. Complicated commands were not needed. Simple control was enough to make the monsters go crazy. 
There were thousands of troops in the central fortress. It was unreasonable to pursue the barbarians who outnumbered them. 
However, the barbarians had suffered considerable damage while escaping. There were those who were trampled by their own allies or killed by a raging monster. 
Anastasia pretended to pursue them aggressively. This meant that the barbarians couldn’t stop moving. She didn’t drive the barbarians in one direction but scattered them in every direction. 
In-gong looked at the mini-map while sitting on White Eagle, up in the air. In-gong let out an involuntary sigh of relief. 
There was still some aura and magic power remaining, but his physical and mental strength were completely exhausted. So, he was really glad. 
‘As expected from Anastasia.’ 
It was a timely response. Moreover, her ability to dismantle the barbarians was really like art. She was really capable. 
In-gong closed his eyes. He wanted to fall asleep, but this place was the battlefield. Moreover, In-gong wasn’t alone right now. 
"Master, did I do well before? I mimicked what the lycanthropes did at Takar.” 
In-gong stroked Green Wind’s head as she sat next to him. In-gong laughed as he recalled Green Wind spreading the news that the barbarian king had escaped.
"Yes, well done." 
He took off Earth Quaker and stroked her head with his bare hands. Green Wind looked at him with a pleased expression and said,
"Master." 
“What is it?” 
"You were really cool today.” 
Green Wind spoke honestly, and the effect was powerful. In-gong shifted his gaze to avoid Green Wind’s eyes. 
Then the voice of a woman was heard in In-gong’s ears. 
[You have led a desperate battle to victory.] 
[Title: Great Hero has been acquired.] 
[Your level has risen.] 
In-gong smiled with satisfaction. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 161 - Chapter 31: Overwhelming #2
Level 38... 
In-gong looked at the level displayed in his status window with a satisfied expression. 
‘I will soon be level 40.’ 
In Knight saga, something special happened every time his level went up by 10. The usual thing would be raising the level of a special skill which couldn’t be raised in normal ways, or acquiring a new special skill. 
Even among the other levels, level 40 was a special axis. 
‘Occupation upgrade, or an additional occupation.’ 
Both of them were like their names suggested. An occupation upgrade was to shift an existing occupation into a higher position, or to gain an additional occupation which wouldn’t normally be possible. 
At level 40, he was able to choose only one of them. However, both options made him stronger, not weaker. 
Upgrading was the most conservative choice. There was no big change in the way he would use his abilities, since this was just a shift to a higher position within the existing occupation; upgrading would only improve its effects. 
On the other hand, In-gong had to consider gaining an additional occupation as well. Synergy could be created in different ways, depending on which occupations could be combined with his existing occupation.
‘Now that my occupation is Protagonist... what would happen if I upgrade Protagonist? Would something like Fake Protagonist come out?’ 
In-gong laughed and closed his status window. He didn’t know what additional occupations would emerge, so there was no point in worrying about it right now. 
He hummed lightly before feeling a gaze on him again. Green Wind was obviously staring at In-gong. 
"Master." 
“Huh?” 
In-gong said as he stroked Green Wind’s head. Instead of her usual expression, she blinked a few times before aiming her lips at In-gong’s cheeks. 
It was a kiss on the cheek, with a duration too short to be something special. However, In-gong’s eyes widened with surprise. 
“Greenie?” 
He looked at Green Wind with a face which seemed to be asking, ‘What are you doing?’ 
“I suddenly wanted to do that. I told you before, but Master looks cool today. Does Master dislike it?” 
She once again kissed him on the cheek. 
It seemed to be an extension of the normal affection which Green Wind aimed at In-gong, but In-gong couldn’t help flinching. Unlike the hugging, he wasn’t used to this yet. 
"Master, you are cute as well as cool. I think that Master is really good.” 
Green Wind laughed and hugged In-gong’s arm. A heavy weight was weighing down on his arms. A
t that moment...
"What are you doing? What, is the hero playing around now?” 
It was a rude voice, but it wasn’t unwelcome. In-gong turned to see Carack on a big black horse. 
In-gong cried out reflexively,
“No? By the way, what about Anastasia noona?” 
Carack was supposed to be Anastasia’s escort. So, it was somewhat strange that Carack was now alone. 
Carack laughed like it wasn’t a big deal. 
"Princess will come soon. It seems like she wants to thank Prince. I told her I would go ahead and give you the news.” 
When In-gong looked at the mini-map, the barbarians were running away. Rather than chasing the barbarians aggressively, the forces of the central fortress celebrated the end of the battle or healed the wounded. 
“I think you are even cooler today. General Vandal will be surprised. The nightmares were surprised. My shoulders were raised with pride.” 
Carack had been watching In-gong since time with the Red Lightning tribe until now. So, his face was full with strong emotions. 
"I didn’t do that much. 
In-gong replied as he shrugged, while Green Wind hugged his arm again. 
“Yes, Orc. Master is cool. You should continue to praise him.” 
In these cases, Carack and Green Wind fit well together. Carack laughed and knocked on his chest. 
“Prince was very cool today. I am proud to be Prince’s aide.” 
"Yes, you were awesome.” 
Carack didn’t show his pride through his actions like Green Wind but expressed it through words. 
Some more time passed by, and as he talked with Carack, another person approached—Anastasia. 
A few nightmares, including her aide Chandra, were following her. It seemed they had headed straight to In-gong’s location after finishing the battle. 
In-gong looked at Anastasia in silence after Green Wind lost her solid form. Anastasia was riding a unicorn which only a pure woman could ride, despite being a succubus. 
Speaking of which, Anastasia had been fairly quiet in Knight Saga as well. She wore a white dress with low exposure and gave off an elegant impression. 
‘If I just look at the clothing, Felicia is more like a succubus.’ 
Even now, Anastasia was wearing solid armour. Her hair was tied up, so it wouldn’t interfere with fighting, and she didn’t have any feminine embellishments. 
Nevertheless, she was very beautiful. Despite her blunt facial expression, she was the daughter of Titania Nekrion and a succubus. 
Once she was within talking distance, Anastasia jumped down from the unicorn and stood before him. There was a gentle smile on her face as she spoke, 
"Thank you for your help. I was able to escape from a difficult situation today thanks to you.” 
Unlike Felicia and Caitlin, In-gong felt a sense of distance from her. However, her words weren’t untrue. 
In-gong looked into Anastasia’s eyes. He didn’t have the talent to read things just by looking, like the sword duke or demon king, but In-gong could see some things. 
Just like Felicia and Caitlin, Anastasia had a slightly different look from the version of her in Knight Saga. 
'Well, the situation between the children of the demon king isn’t bad yet.’ 
It was only after the winter of Year 515 that she had become really wicked in Knight Saga. All the negative emotions between the children of the demon king, such as rivalry, hatred, and a sense of crisis, had been stirred up by Richard and Zephyr. 
However, right now, it was Year 512. The children of the demon king didn’t hate each other yet. In-gong had confirmed this fact at Baikal’s tea party. 
Although Anastasia had argued with Felicia at the tea party, there wasn’t any sense of enmity or rivalry. Her attitude towards Felicia was more because she was skeptical about the reason why Felicia had chosen someone else. 
‘I can make a difference now.’ 
Fortunately, Anastasia didn’t see them as enemies yet. In-gong had also appeared out of nowhere to save her, and Anastasia wasn’t a shameless woman. 
Moreover, this was an emergency situation. Rather than compete, they had to combine strengths. 
Her tone was a bit hard, but her eyes and voice were soft, so In-gong felt satisfied. He smiled at her and said, 
"I am glad to help. It looks like I barely made it in time. Felicia noona was very worried... I was as well.” 
Anastasia was somewhat confused by In-gong’s worry, but that only lasted for a moment. She soon smiled with joy, and her smile was more sincere than before. 
"I think I understand a little bit about why Felicia chose you.” 
Anastasia murmured in a small voice. She asked In-gong,
"It might not be suitable right after the battle, but I need to talk to you because it is urgent. Shutra, what are your plans for the future?” 
Although the barbarians surrounding the central fortress had been driven out, the other fortresses were still in the hands of the enemy. As time went by, new enemies would surround the central fortress. 
After taking a deep breath, In-gong made eye contact with Anastasia. His height had grown, and he was almost at eye level with her. 
“I’ve thought about it roughly. Before that, I want to ask you one thing. Where is Victor hyung now?” 
Victor and Anastasia had always been together, just like how Chris and Caitlin were one set and Felicia and Silvan were another set. However, he couldn’t find Victor anywhere on the battlefield. 
Anastasia responded to In-gong’s question in a quiet tone. 
"Victor orabeoni went on a mission outside the fortress. He is probably heading south now to rally the lizardmen.” 
Her expression and voice showed no signs of resentment for Victor who had come to rescue her. 
No, maybe she was just hiding it inwardly. Anastasia changed the topic. 
"Shutra, you might be expecting this, but it is likely to be the work of the Paran clan’s chief, Berkintox. Do you know anything about his current movements?” 
"It isn’t clear, so he is probably going east. Unlike the south, the eastern troops are more likely to join Berkintox.” 
The fact that almost all the fortresses in the west had been taken over meant Berkintox had at least an agreement with the orcs. Most of the forces in the east were orcs, so there was a good chance they would cooperate with Berkintox, along with the western orcs. 
In-gong recalled what he knew about Berkintox. The Paran clan chief was a careful and thoughtful person, so it was unexpected that he would rebel while knowing about the greatness of the Demon King’s Palace. 
‘Perhaps the cause is the War Knight.’ 
It was just like how the War Knight had reached out to the eastern barbarians. 
This led In-gong to think the reason for Berkintox’s rebellion was the War Knight. Perhaps Berkintox had become an apostle of war like the eastern barbarian king. 
In-gong put off thinking about the War Knight. The important thing right now was to escape from this isolation. 
"As you can see from today, the western barbarian king, Actius, is cowardly. As long as I jump onto the battlefield, he will want to give up. Furthermore, he won’t the reduce the number of troops around him. It is a good situation for us.” 
It was one of the reasons why he didn’t bother pursuing Actius. His escape would buy In-gong more time and opportunities. 
"But even so, it won’t buy us that much time. It is just that the barbarians won’t surround the central fortress.” 
In-gong’s fingers drew a picture in the air. Soon, they saw a map made of green magic power in the air. 
Anastasia looked at the map and said, 
"Shutra, are you planning to abandon this fortress?” 
"It is a strategic decision. Is Noona willing to do so?” 
Anastasia nodded silently. If the barbarians hadn’t created an encirclement, she would have escaped. 
"Felicia noona is heading to the north with a unit of Gullams. We will move to the 12th base using the shortest distance. We can join Felicia noona there and work with Victor.” 
In-gong drew a few new lines in the air and asked Anastasia, 
"Can the wounded people move?” 
"It is possible if we don’t worry about saving recovery magic potions and magic. Some wyverns and monsters were captured this time, so we can move somehow. Rather, the problem is the movement speed. We may be stopped before we get there.” 
The distance to the 12th base wasn’t short. Additionally, it wouldn’t take long for the news about today to spread around. So, there was a chance they would get caught from the back or the side while running toward the 12th base. 
It wasn’t just Anastasia. The nightmares expressed concern as well. However, Carack laughed as he judged the distance from the map. 
"Once again, faster than the wind.” 
“Faster than the wind?” 
Anastasia asked In-gong what it meant. She seemed to think it was the name of an operation. 
In-gong shrugged and asked a question instead of answering,
“Anastasia noona, are you good at recovery magic?” 
“Recovery magic?” 
“Recovery magic.” 
In-gong grinned, and Anastasia nodded as she felt an ominous feeling. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 162 - Chapter 31: Overwhelming #3
The news that Actius had been routed didn’t make its way to many of the fortresses and bases near the central fortress. 
This was because Actius prioritized fleeing to a safe area, rather than spreading what happened. 
The barbarians, who occupied each fortress and base, weren’t informed by Actius but by the forces which scattered in every direction. 
It had already been a day since the battle of the central fortress. 
The Paran clan chief, Berkintox, arrived at the ninth stronghold, the largest warehouse in eastern Curtis, before hearing the news about Actius. 
At first, he didn’t believe it. No, it was unbelievable. 
It was an impossible situation. The troops had been overwhelming. Moreover, thanks to the energy of war, the nightmares’ specialty of mental magic could be ignored. It was simply impossible for the barbarians to be defeated, although the battle might take longer than expected. 
‘How? 
‘How on earth?’ 
Actius was clearly a coward who only thought of his own safety. However, he wasn’t stupid. Rather, he was cunning and clever. He would fight to win and needed to be strong to had become the barbarian king. 
Yet he had been defeated in a single day? It had been a siege and yet he had been routed? What the hell had happened? 
That wasn’t the only thing he couldn’t understand. There were some unbelievable stories mixed in. 
In the midst of a siege, a white light had appeared and massacred the wyverns in an instant. 
A white shield and black shield defeated the monsters attacking the gates. 
A man in a dark blue cloth fell across the large army and killed a horn drake with one punch. They didn’t know what happened, but a rain of fire had poured down from the sky. 
The first story was somewhat understandable, but the next two weren’t. The monsters brought by the western barbarians were gigantic monsters. 
One of those monsters had been taken down with one blow? Additionally, the one who had done it was a normal species and not a giant? 
Berkintox instantly thought of the five captains of the Demon King’s Palace. He had only encountered Gallehed, the leader of the suras, but that was enough. 
It was possible for a captain of the Demon KIng’s Palace. In that case, all the stories spreading around wouldn’t be a problem. No, he would be able to believe them even more. 
Berkintox shook his head. A captain couldn’t appear at the central fortress. They were somewhere else, not at Curtis. 
It was clear the stories were exaggerated as it was very common for those defeated to inflate the enemy’s power and rationalize their defeat. 
‘Yes, it’s common.’ 
However, it wasn’t just a rationalization. On a battlefield, there were many factors which could cause the soldiers to reject the situation, such as: an uneasy psychology state; the shock of being defeated; the fear of death; and so on. 
‘But even so...’ 
Berkintox didn’t jump to any conclusions. Even if the process was exaggerated, it was clear Actius had lost. There might be a mixture of intermediate level generals at the enemy base with a combination powerful enough to to match a senior general. 
It was an unexpected variable. Did Anastasia have a strong succubus as a supporter? 
Berkintox laughed suddenly. 
As expected from Anastasia… she had hidden a trump card. 
Berkintox looked down at the large map the Paran clan used. He was currently in the ninth orc stronghold, so he wanted to review the current situation. 
Actius had retreated to the north. Victor was headed southwest to contact the lizardmen, and Berkintox was currently in the east. 
6th Princess Felicia Doomblade and 9th Prince Shutra Ignus were at the southernmost tip of Curtis. Perhaps their goal was to join the lizardmen in the south-west. 
'And there is Anastasia.’ 
Berkintox made a decision. The original plan had been to leave the task of defeating Victor to Actius, while Berkintox would head south to isolate Victor by defeating the Gullams. However, he now had to do something else. 
Berkintox would head west personally. After defeating Anastasia, he would lead the barbarians and seize all of Curtis. 
There was no reason to delay the decision. Berkintox stood up instantly. 
&  
Felicia looked toward the northwest. It was the direction In-gong had headed in. 
She had been marching for two days with the Gullam hunters, including Galang. Their destination was the 12th base which In-gong had designated as the meeting point. 
There was no way she could hear news from the north. Therefore, Felicia looked at the north with uneasy eyes several times while using recovery magic on the Gullams. 
'He is okay.’ 
Felicia touched her forehead slowly. She was able to know this because she was a member of the King’s Knights. In-gong was currently safe. This also meant that the central fortress was still standing. 
‘It is really ridiculous.’ 
He had gone alone to save Anastasia unni and the central fortress. It was even more absurd that Felicia believed In-gong could do it. 
'He just needs to get there in time. Then he will do it. This time as well, Shutra will show a wonderful appearance.’ 
Felicia took deep breaths as she calmed herself, but she couldn’t help laughing. 
‘It isn’t the same without Shutra.’ 
Felicia’s main task was to use recovery magic whenever the soldiers were exhausted, in order to maintain their marching during the day and night. 
However, it was much better than when they had been in Evian. She didn’t have to worry about being exhausted due to overusing her magic. 
“Shutra is really too much.” 
It was really exciting every time. 
Felicia muttered with a smile as she looked toward the north. As she recalled something, a different worry formed in her mind. 
Anastasia and Shutra, the heads of two factions... 
'Are they still doing well?’ 
Felicia felt an ominous foreboding. 
&  
“Faster than the wind!” 
“Faster!” 
“Faster!” 
As they became accustomed to the slogan, the central fortress defenders shouted it repeatedly as they ran frantically. 
It had been a day since the battle. 
As soon as the wounded soldiers were recovered, In-gong and Anastasia left the central fortress while leading 3,000 defenders. 
Due to the vast majority being infantry, the march was forced to slow down. However, In-gong didn’t tolerate it. 
Green Wind’s Protection of the Wind lightened the legs of the central fortress defenders. 
In-gong’s flag of light enhanced their physical abilities as well. 
After the first preparations, In-gong ordered the central fortress defenders to follow him. 
Then In-gong continued. He ran forward, but it wasn’t a frenzied rush.  
Regardless of the magic and periodic rests, there was a limitation to their physical strength. However, In-gong didn’t allow the defenders of the central fortress to collapse. 
Anastasia was located in the middle of the pack and used recovery magic periodically. Thanks to that, the central fortress’ defense troops didn’t collapse from exhaustion, but she was mentally exhausted as she ran. 
The nightmares used a magic spell which paralyzed the reasoning of the central fortress defenders. Of course, the nightmares had to run endlessly as well. 
The effect of the nightmares’ magic was effective. 
The fortresses and bases had received the news about the rout late and were unable respond to the sudden movements of the central fortress defenders. They only blocked the road after the situation was already over, but it wasn't their fault. The central fortress defenders just had an abnormally fast speed. 
Thus, the central fortress defenders were able to pass through the fortresses without experiencing any battles. 
"Take a short break.” 
"Break!" 
"Break!" 
Once In-gong stopped in place, the nearby soldiers shouted and spread the command. The 3,000 soldiers sat down without hesitation. 
In-gong looked at the mini-map. They had almost left the north-west area of Curtis. There was now only a little bit left. 
Of course, it was hard to feel at ease as it was obvious the enemies would plan something after adapting to the unusual speed of the central fortress defenders. 
In-gong looked at the mini-map continuously as he moved from the front of the procession to the middle with Carack. It was to see Anastasia. 
'Surely, she hasn’t fainted.’ 
In-gong remembered Felicia’s and Daphne’s stats and hurried. Then he involuntarily let out a cry of admiration, 
“Oh!” 
Unlike his expectations, Anastasia had a fairly straight posture. She was sweating, but she wasn’t lying on the floor like Felicia or Daphne had done. 
“Are you okay?” 
Anastasia blinked at In-gong after hearing his words. Her expression was somewhat weaker than usual. 
“You—do you normally make Felicia do this?” 
Her voice was relatively restrained, but it was mixed with resentment, irritation and nausea. 
Instead of answering, In-gong just laughed. It was at that moment that In-gong heard Green Wind’s voice in his ears. 
‘Master, there are enemies.’ 
The voice came from White Eagle which was floating in the sky. In-gong hurriedly shared his gaze with Green Wind while opening the mini-map. Like Green Wind said, a group of people were running this way. 
There was approximately 500 of them. It wasn’t a large number, but the problem was that they were armed cavalry, and they were designed to grab the ankles of the infantry troops. 
If they delayed too long here, they might be surrounded by enemies on all sides. After confirming the movement path of the cavalry, In-gong closed the mini-map and shifted his gaze. It seemed like there was a dusty place in the distance. 
“Shutra?” 
"There is a pursuit.” 
After hearing In-gong’s words, Anastasia hurriedly turned in the direction he was looking at, and her eyes shone white as she used magic. 
"They are cavalry. There are approximately five or six hundred of them?” 
Anastasia frowned as she finished talking. After seeing the type and number of enemies, she thought the same thing as In-gong. 
Despite their physical strength having been maintained by magic, the central fortress defenders were mentally exhausted. They had no problem running forward, but fighting was difficult. 
"I’ll stay here and buy some time. Noona should lead the troops forward.” 
Anastasia’s eyes widened at In-gong’s words. In-gong shrugged and continued speaking, 
"It is impossible to defeat them, but I can buy some time. I will fight in moderation and join you guys later.” 
He had White Eagle and Black Eagle to protect him. If he mixed and matched techniques properly, he would be able to prevent any troops from passing by In-gong. 
'Wah, I have truly grown.’ 
He was thinking about stopping 500 cavalry alone. 
Although the scale was smaller than yesterday’s, they might rush toward the 3,000 troops, so he couldn’t choose the option of flying over the enemy heads like he had done yesterday. It was dangerous and hard work. 
After In-gong’s words, Anastasia thought for a moment before making a determined expression. Then she replied in a quiet voice, 
"No, I'll stop them with you. I am the one responsible for the forces of the central fortress. It is unreasonable to make Shutra do this.” 
It was a problem associated with her sense of honour and responsibility. 
The nightmares beside Anastasia gazed at her with an admiring expression. but In-gong was different. 
“Well, yes. Then I’ll leave it to Noona. Let’s go, Carack.” 
In-gong said lightly before turning around. Anastasia became confused. She didn’t think that In-gong would agree like this. 
It was unreasonable for Anastasia alone to block 500 cavalry. She would be able to use various mental magic to get rid of them, but she was exhausted right now. Moreover, it was highly likely that mental spells wouldn’t work if they were surrounded with the red energy of war like the barbarians. 
While Anastasia was panicking, Carack stared at In-gong and said in a loud voice, 
“Prince.” 
In-gong turned around at the call. He shrugged and handed the flag of light to Carack. 
"Carack, please guide the defenders. 
“Don’t worry.” 
Carack grinned as he raised the flag of light. Due to the effects of the king’s flag, the defenders of the central fortress started to stand up. 
In-gong looked at Anastasia and said,
"Did you think I was really going to leave it to Noona?” 
Anastasia pouted at the playful question. Her expression was restrained, but he could feel the emotions behind it. 
‘Looking at this, Anastasia is also cute.’ 
In Knight Saga, he had just thought of her as a bad girl. 
‘Zephyr and Richard ruined her.’ 
In-gong moved to the rear of the procession with Anastasia. Anastasia looked down at In-gong from her unicorn and asked bluntly, 
"Let me ask again, is it normally like this with Felicia and Caitlin?” 
"Um, a little more severe?” 
The two people had to experience this repeatedly. 
Anastasia’s eyes widened at In-gong’s answer. She looked cute, but now wasn’t the time to flirt. In-gong equipped Earth Quaker on his right arm, and his gaze sharpened. 
“They’re coming.” 
Under Carack’s guidance, the central fortress defenders started to spring again. Their speed seemed slow enough for the cavalry to catch up with them. 
Anastasia drank a potion while staring at the cavalry. Anastasia’s nightmares, who followed her, were ready to fight. 
"Shutra, let’s talk later.” 
Anastasia said, and In-gong nodded. They charged toward the cavalry. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 163 - Chapter 31: Overwhelming #4
Swords and bows were both weapons which could be used in a fight, but their usage was different. 
It wasn’t just the sword and bow. There were various types which existed in the huge category of swords, and there were many ways to use them. 
Strength was the same. 
Vandal was strong, and among the senior generals, he was the one with the strongest brute force. It was probably possible for him to take out a monster with one blow. 
However, he couldn’t attack dozens of people at the same time. So, it was impossible for Vandal to confront an army alone. 
Among the senior generals, there was a man called, Vi Carulo. He had the nickname of ‘One-man Army’ due to his actions being enough to rival an army. 
Vi Carulo was a powerful necromancer. If the number of bodies was enough, then he could create a majestic undead legion anytime and anywhere. He didn’t distinguish between friend or foe when raising the corpses, and it didn’t matter to him as long as he could overwhelm the other side. Additionally, he preferred massacres since that would lead to more corpses. 
This meant Vi Carulo was able to fight an army alone, but it didn’t mean he was definitely stronger than Vandal. In fact, Vandal would be the victor if they competed in a one-on-one fight. 
Anastasia's strength was different from In-gong’s. 
She was a magician as well as a born enslaver. 
Anastasia’s unicorn, Windwalker, charged forward. She wasn’t charging toward the cavalry but passing by them. 
The area which the 500 cavalry occupied was more than she had imagined. Even if Anastasia was a brilliant magician, it was impossible to strike such a large area all at the same time. Moreover, her purpose wasn’t to exterminate the cavalry as it was enough just to cause confusion and break the will of the enemy. This was the same as what In-gong had done at the central fortress. 
The orcs and kobolds, which made up the cavalry, weren’t surrounded by a red aura. Due to this, Anastasia was able to utilize her specialty. 
After witnessing Anastasia’s charge, the cavalry changed to spears or swords, instead of a bow, in order to attack Anastasia as she rushed past. 
There was the sound of yelling, and 500 cavalry charged, causing the earth to shake. 
Anastasia chanted a spell while looking straight at the cavalry. Then her purple eyes flashed, and something unexpected occurred. 
“Hihihing!” 
“Hihing!” 
As Anastasia watched on, the horses reared up abruptly. They also shook their bodies roughly to try and drop their owners. 
At most, it only happened to 20 of them. However, it was important since they were on the outskirts. As the front suddenly stopped moving, the formation of the cavalry became a mess. There were those who fell off when bumping into the riders in front of them or from trying to stop quickly. 
Anastasia continued to use her magic to enchant other horses. The nightmares running alongside her poured all sorts of attack spells toward the orcs on the ground. 
Anastasia’s unicorn was uniquely intelligent. Windwalker moved lightly and maintained a proper distance from the cavalry. He seemed to walk around the cavalry in circles. 
However, there was a problem with Anastasia. She couldn’t rest after a big battle and had a hard time running all night. Moreover, it wasn’t just running. Her body and mind were extremely exhausted from using recovery magic several times. 
Anastasia felt dizzy while charging forward, and as she frowned from the pain, dozens of cavalry members shot arrows at her. There also were a few who came rushing toward her. 
Anastasia gritted her teeth. The nightmares acted to block the arrows, while Windwalker ran harder than before. 
Then In-gong plunged forward. White Eagle and Black Eagle created a force field which fended off attacks from In-gong. Five fireballs flew from his fingertips toward the cavalry which was running toward him and exploded. 
The soldiers and horses collapsed, but there were 500 cavalry members, so there were still many remaining. A group of them rushed over the fallen ones. In order to surround the party, the cavalry members moved in different directions and aimed arrows and firebombs. 
Explosions occurred everywhere. Windwalker jumped over the explosions and avoided the cavalry. However, then Windwalker shook his head because his back had become lighter. 
Anastasia’s eyes widened. She was in the air, and In-gong’s arm was wrapped around her waist. 
The moment an explosion occurred in front of Windwalker, In-gong had grabbed Anastasia. 
The confused Windwalker continued to run around the cavalry. The nightmares also ran along with Windwalker, slowing down the speed of the cavalry using magic. Anastasia confirmed the distance between the party and the cavalry before turning to In-gong. His face was close to hers because In-gong was holding her with one arm. 
“Are you okay?” 
In-gong smiled lightly, and Anastasia frowned. She glanced at In-gong’s arm around her waist and said, 
"Shutra, you shouldn’t grab the waist of a virtuous woman at any time.” 
Even if he hadn’t grabbed her, she would have escaped thanks to Windwalker. 
‘Yes, Master. Master was wrong. You should grab my waist.’ 
Green Wind whispered to In-gong. Instead of asking what she was talking about, he just restored his breathing and didn’t speak. Rather, it was more important to drop Anastasia off somewhere. 
“Shutra?” 
Anastasia asked him suddenly. Instead of responding, In-gong continued flying toward Windwalker. After putting Anastasia back on Windwalker, he reversed the position. Green Wind whispered again, 
'Master, the orc in red armour seems to be the leader. He is shouting orders.’ 
In-gong agreed. After a glance at Anastasia, he flew forward using the power of Night Watch. 
The cavalry had split in two and were surrounding Anastasia. In-gong moved his gaze away from her. 
There was no time to deal with all 500 cavalry members, so the best tactic was to strike the leader. 
White Eagle and Black Eagle revolved around In-gong and blocked the arrows. In-gong shot toward the orc in red armour. 
&  
After losing their leader, the cavalry opted to escape instead of fight. 
The damage to the cavalry was quite large. A few horses had fallen to the ground due to Anastasia, while others were killed or injured through direct combat. 
In-gong sighed with relief as the cavalry ran away. 
By using Divine Sura Authority while being protected by White Eagle and Black Eagle, In-gong had great power. However, he couldn’t handle hundreds of enemies. The super special moves had a limited number of daily uses, so he was glad they had given up early 
After restoring his breathing, In-gong looked at Anastasia. Instead of rejoicing in the victory, she seemed to be enchanting one of the wounded enemies who seemed to be in a decent condition. She was either trying to interrogate the enemy on the spot or enchanting him to ride with them. 
"Noona, we need to hurry.” 
Anastasia nodded as In-gong rode over on White Eagle. They had to hurry in order to catch up with the central fortress defenders. 
With In-gong at the forefront on White Eagle, the party ran forward again. 
Some time passed by. They found the central fortress defenders where they were running, and In-gong moved to the front of the line on White Eagle. While holding the flag of light, Carack shouted, 
"Prince!” 
Carack’s stamina and endurance were comparable to In-gong’s. So, his face and voice were filled with welcome instead of fatigue. 
However, the soldiers around them were different. Everyone’s expressions showed that they were suffering. 
Below the King’s Flag and Protection of the Wind weren’t enough. In order to move faster than the wind, recovery magic was necessary. 
“Anastasia noona! Please!” 
In-gong shouted as Anastasia barely reached the front. Anastasia’s expression became momentarily tearful, but she soon restored her expression. She repeatedly cast the recovery magic over the 3,000 central fortress defenders. 
&  
"Um, I am exhausted. Prince is really too much.” 
After the frantic sprint, the central fortress defenders were able to reach the 12th base. However, the price was great. The central fortress defenders seemed like they had their souls sucked out, while Anastasia was lying on the back of her unicorn. She was sweating and gasping for breath. 
"I had a feeling this would happen.” 
Felicia, who had arrived at the 12th base first, said while staring at Anastasia. Anastasia was an excellent magician in many ways, but this was probably the first time she had collapsed due to magic power exhaustion. 
Felicia stared at her with sympathy and then gazed at In-gong with narrowed eyes. 
In-gong just grinned and pretended not to know. 
“I’m here, Felicia noona. Were you worried?” 
The bright smile made the most of his gandharva beauty, so Felicia couldn’t help laughing.  
“You aren’t hurt anywhere?” 
“I’m fine.” 
In-gong knocked against his chest, and Felicia sighed with relief. She had been very worried about In-gong. So, she was glad that he had returned safely. 
Felicia covered her face with a fan and said,
"Let’s settle this situation first. We need to greet the troops of the 12th base.” 
The 3,000 soldiers were collapsed on the ground. In-gong nodded at Felicia’s words and gazed a little further away. The lizardman Makkulpin, the leader of the 12th base, was running this way. 
&  
Berkintox, who arrived at the central fortress, felt more confusion than anger. 
The central fortress was empty. 
He understood up to here. Berkintox had been expecting it to some extent. There was no reason for Anastasia to be sitting in the central fortress when Actius had loosened the encirclement. 
However, he hadn’t thought it would be so empty. 
It wasn’t just the troops of the central fortress... The warehouse was completely empty. There was no evidence of the food, weapons or other goods which would have been stored in the central fortress. 
Surely, they hadn’t brought the items with them while running away? 
It was crazy. Emptying a warehouse wasn’t easy. The central fortress was the supply base for the fortresses near the Western Limit Line, so it stockpiled a tremendous quantity of supplies. Just taking them out of the warehouse and packing them would take a full day. 
There was a problem even after the warehouse was cleared. As the amount of supplies being carried increased, the movement speed would slow down. Wasn’t it better to lighten their body as much as possible in order to run away? 
Yet surprisingly, Anastasia had done it. Moreover, they had escaped the western part of Curtis in just one day, so Berkintox wondered about what type of magic had been used. 
Every one of the fortresses, which had missed Anastasia, said the same thing through the communicator. 
Their movement speed had been too fast; the marching speed of the infantry hadn’t been normal. Therefore, they hadn’t been able to block the infantry properly due to their unexpected speed.
Now, Berkintox could only laugh. 
4th Princess Anastasia Nekrion...
He had known she was capable, but he hadn’t expected this. She far surpassed his expectations. 
Berkintox controlled his emotions. It was just a change in order, but this way, he could bring all the Paran clan members together. 
‘I can use this time as well.’ 
The Paran clan warriors were already gathering from all over the place, and the number of Hwarin members who had pledged allegiance personally was over 100. 
Berkintox gave orders to each fortress and base in the western region. 
“Hit the 12th base. Smash it so that not one trace remains and show our strength to all of Curtis.” 
The troops of the western area all obeyed Berkintox’s command. Except for the barbarians led by Actius, all the forces of the west started moving. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 164 - Chapter 32: Giants
Anastasia woke up. 
It was warm. She felt a bit fuzzy, but it wasn’t bad. 
‘Soft.’ 
The sheet touching her back and the blanket covering her were soft, and the clothes she wore weren’t sweaty or rough. 
“Are you awake?” 
Anastasia moved her eyes as a voice was heard from next to her. Instead of her aide Chandra, she saw the red eyes of a beautiful dark elf. 
“Felicia.” 
Anastasia sighed and closed her eyes; she remembered. She was amazed she had managed to keep using magic until they somehow arrived at the 12th base. 
Felicia, sitting next to the bed on a chair, pressed gently against Anastasia’s shoulder when Anastasia tried to raise her upper body. Felicia shook her head. 
“Just lie down. You are still a bit dizzy. You used magic until you were exhausted, so the aftereffects will last for a while. Aren’t you tired due to the travelling? Your waist and hips will hurt a lot." 
Riding a mount for a long tone was more difficult than one would have imagined. 
Anastasia opened her mouth unconsciously. 
"You are familiar with it.” 
“Well, I did faint several times in the same manner as Unni. Don’t worry too much. You will be fine after a day of sleep. Have faith in the people with experience.” 
Felicia winked, and Anastasia gave a small sigh. 
“That is even worse.” 
“Huh?” 
Instead of explaining, Anastasia looked around the room. It was a large but neatly furnished room. There were candles lit up in various places of the room, warming the air. 
“How long was I collapsed for?” 
“Around half a day or so? It is now night. Relax and rest a little more.” 
Felicia said in a pleasant tone as Anastasia was exhausted right now, and the situation was different from Baikal’s tea party where there was an exchange of nerves. 
Anastasia laughed at this aspect of Felicia. Indeed, it was due to this that she valued Felicia. 
In fact, she had been a little upset at the last tea party. Felicia had suddenly pulled her feet out from Anastasia’s faction and attached them to Shutra. 
So, she had annoyed Felicia a little bit more persistently than usual. 
Anastasia let out a long sigh. She turned her gaze back to Felicia’s face and said, 
“Shutra—he was great.” 
“Hum hum, our Shutra really is great.” 
There was no need to wait for the reaction. Felicia spoke while covering her face with her fan, but her long ears twitched. She sounded really proud. 
Anastasia laughed brightly. 
“I thought you changed paths due to future aspirations, but that isn’t it. It is because Felicia has another reason.” 
It would be a lie to say it wasn’t for political calculations, but there seemed to be an emotional aspect involved. 
“Well, somehow, I feel slightly bad.” 
Felicia didn’t seem to worry too much about what Anastasia thought. However, Anastasia buried both her anger and sadness and said, 
“Shutra saved the central fortress in a really cool manner.” 
“Really?” 
It was the right bait for Felicia, and so Anastasia kept a watch on Felicia’s ears. 
“He has a lot of mysterious tricks and many powerful magic items. The way he took all the supplies in the central fortress... He didn’t tell me how, but it was amazing.” 
“Hrmm. That is Shutra’s secret. Please note that I knew before Caitlin. Shutra told me first.” 
Her fan was covering her face, but her eyes could still be seen. It was clear that she was smiling from ear to ear. 
“Why are you so smug over there?” 
Felicia coughed instead of answering, and Anastasia laughed again. This time, she managed to sit up and said, 
“Call Chandra. I’ll get dressed and meet up with Shutra and the leader here.” 
Anastasia was currently wearing only a thin negligee, which probably belonged to Felicia. It was impossible for Anastasia to meet anyone while she was dressed like this. 
“Shouldn’t you rest a little longer?” 
Felicia asked again with worry on her lovely face, but Anastasia shook her head. 
“Shutra and the leader will wait. But Berkintox won’t give us that time.” 
Unlike In-gong or Felicia, Anastasia knew Berkintox. Although she never noticed his betrayal, she knew how competent he was. 
“I understand. Wait a bit.” 
Felicia stood up instantly. 
&  
“The north and west of Curtis are under the influence of the traitor, Berkintox. The eastern part seems to be close to the west. In fact, except for the southern area around the forest, almost all of Curtis has been taken.” 
Makkulpin, the lizardman and head of the 12th base, pointed to a large map of the battlefield spread out on the table. 
The story was roughly as expected. As Anastasia frowned, Makkulpin looked over at her and said, 
“Prince Victor is currently rallying the lizardmen at the swamp. He will be delighted to hear that Princess is safe.” 
“Yes, I am also glad that Orabeoni is safe.” 
Anastasia said in a dry tone, and Makkulpin shifted his gaze like he had made a mistake. 
Felicia, who guessed the general situation, sighed and changed the topic. 
“I think half of the Hwarin clan has joined Berkintox. It seems liked the Hwarin clan were the ones who destroyed the transportation formations in the first place.” 
The Hwarin clan were giants who wandered all over Curtis. If they struck simultaneously, they could attack all of Curtis at the same time. 
“And the Gullam clan?” 
“They are with us, but their numbers aren’t as high as the Paran clan’s. 20 Gullam hunters have come with us here.” 
Felicia shrugged and replied to Anastasia’s question. There were few hunters left in the village because many hunters had gone to hunt far away. 
Anastasia swallowed her saliva. She turned to Makkulpin and asked,
“Anyway, is there any news about Artman?” 
“No, it is likely that he has joined Berkintox.” 
Artman was a magician and a senior general of the Demon King’s Palace. He had been sent to Curtis last year and seemed to have joined Berkintox during that year. 
What had Berkintox used to convince Artman? In the first place, why had Berkintox decided to rebel against the Demon King’s Palace? 
However, it didn’t matter—Aanstasia had to look at the situation right before her. Then she spoke to everyone in a quiet voice, 
“If I were Berkintox, I would come here. He will probably come with all of his troops, and he’ll try not to repeat the same mistakes.” 
It was clear that Actius’ defeat had made a strong impression on Berkintox. So, he would give priority to this side over Victor. 
“There isn’t enough time to wait for support from the Demon King’s Palace.” 
All the bases with long range communicators were under Berkintox’s control. Although the Demon King’s Palace might have noticed the destruction of the transportation formations, it was possible they didn’t know the exact situation regarding Artman and Berkintox. 
The Demon King’s Palace would believe in the senior general, Artman, and the Paran clan which had been around for hundreds of years. 
Anastasia closed her eyes. If Felicia and Makkulpin were in this position, they would have considered a full retreat. 
However, it wasn’t just the two of them in this position. 
Anastasia looked before her with a sense of competitiveness and asked the other child of the demon king about how to break the crisis. 
“Shutra, what would you do?” 
The enemies were many and strong. 
The 100 Paran clan members alone were hard. Additionally, the barbarians and forces of Curtis followed Berkintox as well. 
However, Anastasia had a voice which was mixed with anticipation. 
Shutra had managed to defeat 30,000 people at the central fortress. 
In-gong folded his arms slowly, then he answered Anastasia’s question. 
&  
Berkintox rushed forward. 
He didn’t waste any time in the central fortress. The 10th base was the one closest to the 12th base. 
Actius, who had fled to the north, didn’t move himself but sent new barbarians to the west of Curtis. The barbarians rode on the back of quick monsters and hastened to the 10th base. 
Artman, the senior general of the Demon King’s Palace, headed for the 10th base as well. He was a powerful magician who had led his magic squad and the Hwarins, and destroyed Curtis’ entire transportation formation system. 
After leaving the central fortress and reaching the 10th base, Berkintox joined Artman. He waited one day for the quick barbarians to reach the 10th base. Then he rushed forward once again in order to not give Anastasia time. 
One day passed by. The Paran clan and orcs joined 7,000 barbarians and reached the 12th base.
The walls of the 12th base weren’t high. 
All the bases and fortresses of Curtis were built to deal with barbarians, not giants. The walls of the central fortress had been an unusual case. 
The height of the walls of the 12th base was approximately 10 meters. 
It was a height which felt like a neighbour’s wall to the Paran clan which averaged 10 meters in height. 
Additionally, there was Artman, who had octopus-like hair, slender limbs and seven tentacles. He could feel the magic power of the nightmares on his purple skin. It was clear 4th Princess Anastasia was at the 12th base. 
"There isn’t just one succubus. There is also the smell of the magic power of a dark elf. It is clear that 6th Princess Felicia is also present.” 
Artman delivered the message to Berkintox through magic. Berkintox focused his eyes on the soldiers along the walls of the 12th base. Indeed, Anastasia could be seen among the soldiers. She had her hair tied up and was wearing white armour as always.
‘It is a little surprising.’ 
Although he urged the troops to move, Berkintox also kept in mind the possibility that the 12th base would be empty. It was because Anastasia wasn’t the type to engage in a reckless fight. 
There was no siege here, unlike at the central fortress, so she could choose to escape. 
Anastasia being here meant that she thought there was a chance of victory. 
Berkintox made a decision. No matter what Anastasia had prepared, he would break through it using force. 
Berkintox rode a monster and gauged the distance from the 12th base. It was a long distance which arrows couldn’t reach, but the giants were five times the size of normal species. 
Berkintox raised his sword up high and distributed the aura of war to the orcs, barbarians and Paran clan warriors. 
The atmosphere heated up, and a shout broke out among the soldiers: 
“Charge!” 
“Charge!” 
“Charge!” 
The united shouts shook the heavens and the earth as the Paran clan warriors rose up from the ground. 
It was truly spectacular. 100 giants stepped on the earth, so the sound was truly terrific. The surging momentum seemed to stab the sky. 
The troops of the 12th base felt a fear of death just by looking at the rush of the giants. It seemed helpless for someone with the ordinary strength of a person. 
The leader of the 12th base, Makkulpin, couldn’t breathe. Even the Gullam hunters, who were giants like the Paran trible, felt fearful and gulped. 
The passage of time couldn’t be felt properly, feeling both short and long. 
Anastasia formed tight fists, while Felicia bit her lip where she was beside Anastasia. 
The distance narrowed down, and the sound of the Paran clan became louder as they neared. 
Death... The troops couldn’t help gulping. It was like they were going to be swept away by a tsunami! 
The moment the soldiers of the 12th base thought this. Anastasia stared up at the sky, and Felicia shouted loudly as if to shake off the fear. 
“Shutra!” 
It was time. This was a moment they had calculated for in advance. 
The Gullam hunters, including Galang, stared up at the sky with respect. Artman looked up, and Berkintox also sensed something. 
High above the sky, where no one paid attention to due to focusing on the Paran clan... 
There was something diving down... pouring down from the heavens! 
Kwaaaaaang!
There was a huge roar as it tore through the atmosphere, and lightning struck among the rushing Paran warriors. 
It was a huge sword. 
A giant sword struck the ground and stood there proudly, like it had always been there. 
Berkintox saw it. Then the Paran clan warriors and everyone else stopped moving. They turned reflexively toward the direction of the sword. 
It was instinct—an irresistible command engraved in their souls. 
The Giant King's Sword... 
And the person before the sword... 
In-gong stood afloat above the Giant King’s Sword and had one hand placed on it. Due to the dragon heart, he was emanating the strong power of a dragon. 
At this moment, something happened. The Giant King's Sword began to glow, and a white aura spread out! 
The red aura which covered the bodies of the Paran warriors was peeled off at once, and the Paran clan warriors could no longer resist. They fell to their knees instantly, bowing before the Giant King's Sword. The Paran clan warriors worshipped the great dragon warrior. 
“Drakon Kechatulla!” 
“Drakon Kechatulla!” 
Inside the 12th base, the Gullam hunters shouted, and that call soon spread. The Paran clan warriors opened their mouths and cried out the name of the great dragon warrior. 
“Drakon Kechatulla!” 
“Drakon Kechatulla!” 
It was the name of the great warrior who led the giants and fought against the evil red serpent god. 
Everyone on the battlefield was amazed. The sight of 100 giants on their knees was like the scene from a myth. 
However, it wasn't a myth. This was a reality. Therefore, there were conflicting emotions. The soldiers of the 12th base were amazed, while the orcs and barbarians were overwhelmed with surprise and fear. 
In-gong’s gaze moved to a distant place. Despite being confronted with the Giant King's Sword, there was only one giant who didn’t shout the name of the dragon warrior. 
It was Berkintox, the apostle of war. 
The Giant King's Sword shone once again, and In-gong roared on the battlefield. 
‘Conquer!’ 
The white woman shouted from the depths of In-gong’s soul as the equipment of the elder dragons cried out loudly. 
Berkintox was confused, but In-gong didn’t wait for him to understand. The Conquest Knight rushed toward the Apostle of War. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 165 - Chapter 32: Giants #2
The Paran clan and Gullam clan shared the same roots. 
Just like how the Gullams worshipped Drakon Kechatulla, the great dragon warrior, the Paran clan also knew about the great warrior who confronted the serpent god. 
The 100 members of the Paran clan repeated the chant, and the blood of the giant king, which had been diluted and weakened as the years passed, was revealed in this moment. 
This wasn’t an old, made up story. 
It was a part of history, and it was true. 
The Paran clan were on their knees and felt embarrassed about not being able to move, but they were convinced. These were the instincts the giants shared with the Giant King's Sword. 
However, it wasn’t just the Gullam and Paran tribe members on the battlefield. 
The Hwarin warriors knelt down as well. Then the wandering warriors, fighters at the limit line and hunters of the forest yelled simultaneously, 
“Drakon Kechatulla!” 
“Drakon Kechatulla!” 
Unlike the Paran clan running in the lead, the Hwarin warriors were among the soldiers. So, the orcs and barbarians next to them fell into a greater state of confusion. 
Artman, a senior general of the Demon King’s palace, was amazed at the power emanating from the Giant King's Sword. He realized the power was an ancient force that was thousands of years old. 
Artman opened his mouth in order to shout, but as the three giant clans continued to chant, the gazes of everyone on the battlefield naturally turned to one place. 
Berkintox was looking at the same place like everyone else. He was both an apostle of a war and a giant, so he felt many things. His instincts clashed with the power which had been given to him. 
The dragon warrior was back. 
It was the same person as the one who caused the miracle in the battle at the central fortress. 
He was at the end of the Giant King's Sword. The Paran clan warriors were currently on their knees and under the influence of the Giant King's Sword. It was only a matter of time until they would attack the barbarians under the name of the dragon warrior. 
“Drakon Kechatulla!” 
Berkintox exclaimed, but his call was different from that of the other giants. He resisted the power of domination emanating from the Giant King's Sword because he was an apostle of war. Putting hatred and anger in his cry, he rushed toward In-gong. The red energy of war soared from his body, and Berkintox’s huge body swelled even further. 
Then Artman’s command spread throughout the battlefield. His magic power awoke the minds of the shaking orcs and barbarians. 
“Attack the base!" 
Artman had also seen that it was only a matter of time before they would be attacked. However, retreating now was the worst possible thing they could do. They had to reverse the situation before the Paran clan warriors were taken away. 
He needed to induce a melee. Additionally, Berkintox had to cut down the dragon warrior! 
The orcs and barbarians ran among the giants. Even without the Paran clan and Hwarin clan, there were more than 10,000 troops. Moreover, the walls of the 12th base weren’t that high or solid. They could destroy them even without the power of the giants! 
"Go!" 
Artman shouted again with his magic power and shifted his gaze. At the centre of the battlefield, a red aura was just about to clash with a white one. 
“Berkintox!” 
Artman shouted. At the same time, the red energy of war rose from him. Berkintox wasn’t the only apostle of war on this battlefield. 
In-gong felt the strong power of war, but he didn’t have time to glance around. Instead, he looked straight ahead. The force of Berkintox, who was rushing with a sword and shield, was truly terrifying. 
The moment Berkintox swung his sword, In-gong turned into a dark mist and used Blink to jump over Berkintox’s sword. He aimed his fist at Berkintox’s chin. 
Explosive power rushed out. Berkintox’s head turned to the side, but he didn’t fall down. As he was pushed back, he tried to strike at In-gong with the shield on his left arm. 
In-gong clung to Berkintox. As Berkintox twisted around, his left arm hit the place where In-gong had just been floating, and divine sparks poured out as In-gong struck Berkintox’s neck. 
Bbaek!
There was a huge sound from the blow. Berkintox couldn’t withstand this attack; his knees shook, and his posture collapsed. 
In-gong’s strikes didn’t end there. He didn’t have the slightest intention of delaying the time. 
White Eagle and Black Eagle struck Berkintox’s chest. Rather than a stab, it was closer to pushing away using a force field. 
Berkintox fell to the ground and felt a violent anger. The body of a giant, along with the added power of war, meant that he wasn’t hurt much, but he had already allowed three attacks. 
In-gong knew it as well. That’s why he moved even more. His right arm reached out and grasped at the air. Once again, he crossed the space with a dark fog. 
Pepeng!
It was a relatively short distance, so the sound of the fog explosion rang out. In-gong exited the dark fog at Berkintox’s chest, aiming his right hand at it. However, he wasn’t aiming with his fist as he was now holding Skull Crusher! 
A sound which shook the heavens and earth exploded! 
Kwang!
Skull Crusher's super special move was a terrible blow without concentrated aura, so only half the power emerged, but that was sufficient. 
The breastplate Berkintox was wearing became dented, and a groan of pain emerged from Berkintox’s mouth. 
In-gong then released Skull Crusher, and upon returning it to his inventory, he moved his right and left hands. Each hand was using a different power. 
A fireball emerged from In-gong’s right hand and exploded in front of Berintox’s face. The power wasn’t great, but it was enough to prolong Berkintox’s pain. As such, Berkintox couldn’t breathe properly. 
"Kuaaaak!" 
Berkintox struggled as In-gong flew upwards vertically. Berkintox followed In-gong with his eyes, and he hurried to get up, shouting with pain and anger. 
Then there was a scream from Artman, 
“Berkintox!” 
Artman wasn’t only looking at Berkintox; he was looking a little further ahead. 
In-gong gathered strength in his left hand. As a result, something moved across the space like an explosion.
Peeok!
The Giant King's Sword flew like a dagger and pierced Berkintox’s chest. However, In-gong hadn’t moved it with just Telekinesis. The Giant King's Sword itself had the power to fly. 
It wasn’t a deep strike, but it pierced the armour, and Berkintox flinched back. Then In-gong used his third Blink. It wasn’t toward Berkintox but toward the front of the handle of the Giant King's Sword. Berkintox instantly realized what In-gong was going to do, but there was no time to stop it. His red, bloodshot eyes stared as In-gong pulled back his fist, aiming it at the handle of the Giant King's Sword stuck in Berkintox’s chest. 
‘Gigantic Piston!’
It was like knocking a nail with a hammer. The white aura exploded, pushing the Giant King's Sword deeper into Berkintox’s chest. The tip of the Giant King's Sword emerged steadily from Berkintox’s back. 
“Cough!” 
Berkintox coughed up blood, while In-gong reached out toward the Giant King's Sword. Instead of pulling the sword out of Berkintox’s chest, he called it back into his inventory. The Giant King's Sword disappeared instantly, and blood rose from Berkintox’s chest as the wound lost its stopper. 
It was a massive blow. Berkintox was now unable to keep himself steady. Instead of pursuing Berkintox, In-gong added the power of the dragon and Conquest to White Eagle. As soon as the Conquest Coat of Arms emerged on White Eagle’s surface, White Eagle accelerated and pierced Berkintox’s injury. Then a white and green light emerged from it as it carried out In-gong’s command faithfully. 
Kwakakang!
White Eagle and Black Eagle were separated, and they entered Berkintox’s chest, generating a green force field. Berkintox’s heart and blood vessels were destroyed! 
Finally, Berkintox collapsed. The life of the best warrior on the Western Limit Line was shattered, and the red energy of War was consumed by the power of Conquest. 
"Noohm!" 
Then Artman used his seven tentacles to prepare seven magic spells simultaneously. In-gong turned toward Artman and shouted, 
“Felicia!” 
Felicia responded to Call and crossed the space. As she appeared before In-gong in the air, she let out a scream reflexively, 
“Kyak?!” 
Felicia had been standing on a firm wall only to suddenly appear in the air. However, she didn’t fall. In-gong stretched out his right arm and wrapped around Felicia’s waist firmly. Felicia barely maintained her posture as she chanted a spell without any signs of resentment. This was just before Artman’s magic was completed. No, it wasn’t an exaggeration to say that a few individual spells had already been completed. 
Felicia tore a scroll, which Anastasia had spent all night making for this one moment. 
It was a multi-counter spell! 
This was an object prepared in order to snipe Artman. The moment the scroll was torn, seven magic spells were triggered. 
Artman’s magic was countered. The magic, which was just about to be completed, exploded. The individual spells, which had already been completed, ran away from Artman’s influence. The strong curses, which had been aimed at In-gong, covered Artman. 
Artman vomited from the pain. He was a senior general, and he had used his mighty magic to bring disaster to the battlefield. 
However, he couldn’t do that now. The first button had been broken. The Giant King's Sword had made him too impatient, and Berkintox’s crisis had also forced him to act hastily. 
The power of the two princesses played a role here. 
Felicia, a powerful magician, used the surprise scroll created by Anastasia, who was known as a monster in magic. No matter how senior the general was, it was no use if Artman couldn’t use his talent. 
Felicia continued with another spell, and the white Conquest Coat of Arms appeared on Felicia’s forehead. She used a simple yet powerful magic.
"Silence!" 
It was silencing magic. 
After Anastasia’s spell destroyed the opponent’s magic, Felicia prepared a spell which would stop the opponent’s magic itself. Artman was a more powerful magician than Felicia, so it was difficult for her to use Silence on him. The duration was short, and there was a serious penalty on Felicia, which prevented her from using another spell while it was still active. 
However, it didn’t matter. Felicia wasn’t the only one there! 
Pepepeng!
Dark blue fog exploded in rapid succession. In-gong used Blink twice in a row and aimed his left hand. His right hand was holding Felicia, as his left hand aimed toward Artman’s heart. 
There was no way that Artman, a magician, could endure In-gong’s brute force. Some of the amulets he wore to protect his body were broken. Artman staggered back as his tentacles moved. He tried to attack In-gong, but this time, Felicia moved. She had prepared many things with Anastasia in order to repel Artman. Once In-gong broke the amulets, she stretched out her arm from within In-gong’s arms and pulled the trigger of a metal device attached to her right arm. 
Arrows were fired at close range into Artman’s chest, and the poison covering the arrowheads had a fatal effect. Artman was weakened by the curses he had prepared himself and was no longer able to endure them. 
Then In-gong struck Artman’s neck. The dwarf long sword in his hand flashed, and Artman’s head rolled onto the ground. 
[Your level has risen.] 
The woman’s voice was heard in his head. ‘Level 39.’ Level 40, the special level, had not been reached yet. However, the woman’s voice continued, 
[After taking down three apostles of war, your understanding of the apostles has grown.] 
[The power of Protagonist Body is activated.] 
[The power of Conquest is activated.] 
Experience and understanding... As a result, he was able to use it. 
[The level of The King's Knights has risen.] 
[The level of Call has risen.] 
[The level of Conquest Knight has risen.] 
[Conquest Knight, Apostle Appointment Lv1 has been learnt.] 
Apostle Appointment... 
An apostle of Conquest! 
“Shutra?” 
Felicia looked at In-gong. Instead of answering, In-gong held on tighter to her waist. He escaped from the soldiers around Artman and rose up into the sky. 
‘Master?’ 
Green Wind whispered in In-gong’s ears. Instead of explaining, In-gong just smiled. Then he looked at the battlefield from a high position. 
As he looked at the 100 Paran clan warriors, the orcs and barbarians were rushing to attack the base. 
"Let’s finish this fight.” 
In-gong reached out into the air and took out the Giant King's Sword from his inventory once again. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 166 - Chapter 32: Giants #3
Helveti, one of the Paran clan warriors, was gripped by fear. However, it wasn’t because he was overwhelmed by the fear of the battlefield. 
His body wasn’t listening, but it was different from being tired or unable to move properly. 
Helveti knelt down without knowing it. As the coldness of the ground touched his knees, his mouth opened, 
“Drakon Kechatulla!” 
He was surprised by the voice which emerged from his body, and there was a deep emotion in his heart. 
Helveti was scared. It felt like his spirit as well as his body was being taken over by something. 
He moved his gaze desperately. That was the only part of his body he could move freely. 
Unfortunately, he couldn’t see behind him. However, if he could, Helveti would see the huge sword flying at a fearsome speed like a thunderbolt. 
What was going on? 
There was a big roar from behind him. Shortly afterwards, the power dominating his whole body weakened, and his heart sank down in his chest. 
Helveti stood up immediately, and the same was true for the surrounding Paran clan. They looked back urgently to check the situation. 
Helveti was shocked. Berkintox, the leader of the Paran clan who had been believed to be an invincible warrior, had collapsed with a big hole in his chest. 
The orcs and barbarians in the alliance were also baffled. Many of them were rushing toward the 12th base without knowing the situation, but the ones nearby were staring at Berkintox in horror. 
Helveti blinked several times in disbelief before looking around for answers. He then saw Belovaki, a veteran and strong warrior of the Paran clan. 
‘Follow his words. He will give commands.’ 
The moment that Helveti thought this... 
"Up!" 
"Up!" 
Someone shouted. The thunderbolt struck again. A huge sword descended from the sky and struck into the ground. 
Helveti immediately knew what would happen after. 
“Drakon Kechatulla!” 
Helveti knelt down in the direction of the sword and shouted loudly. The same was true for the other Paran warriors, including Belovaki. 
"It works extremely well.” 
In-gong muttered as he watched the Giant King's Sword on the ground and the Paran clan kneeling down again. 
The feeling of dominance was better than before because they were disturbed by Berkintox’s death. 
“Shutra! My posture!” 
At that moment, Felicia’s voice was heard. Despite In-gong’s arm around her waist, she felt some uneasiness. 
In-gong turned to Felicia and nodded. He lifted the light-weighted Felicia and raised his left arm to her legs in order to put her into a sideways stance. This was the so-called princess holding position. 
'Felicia is a real princess.’ 
While he was thinking this, Felicia was surprised by his sudden movement and hugged In-gong’s neck hurriedly. 
Then Green Wind’s voice was heard. It wasn’t a small whisper in his ear, but a great call. 
“Berkintox is dead!” 
“Artman is dead!” 
"My master has defeated the two traitors!” 
The voice from the sky enveloped the earth. Unlike Green Wind’s usual voice, it was a very sacred and majestic voice, like the voice of a god from heaven. 
It was definitely a performance. The orcs and barbarians were shaken, and the soldiers and Gullan hunters on the walls of the 12th base didn’t miss the chance to respond to Green Wind’s call. 
“Berkintox is dead!” 
"The Paran clan have succumbed!” 
“Hooray, Your Highness!” 
"Repel the traitors!” 
The emerging cries quickly consolidated into one voice, and the momentum of the rushing troops was truly broken. 
The orcs and barbarians panicked and couldn’t hit the 12th base. 
'Master, how is it? Did I do well?’ 
Green Wind’s normal voice was heard as she asked for praise. In-gong nodded and looked back toward the base. He couldn’t fight with Felicia in his arms, so he had to return her to the wall. 
'It would be nice if there was a reverse of Call... Something like return.’ 
As In-gong thought this, he flew diagonally toward the 12th base at a fast speed. 
In-gong felt the joy of riding a roller coaster, but Felicia swallowed her scream and hugged In-gong’s neck tighter. 
Regardless of whether they were enjoying it or not, the two of them were able to reach the wall at a fast speed. The soldiers on the walls looked up at In-gong and cheered, with Carack and Delia among them. 
"Prince!” 
Carack exclaimed as he looked at In-gong. In-gong stopped around 10 meters above the wall and shouted with a pleased face, 
“Carack! Receive this!” 
‘Receive?’ 
Delia blinked and Felciia, who was pleased to see the cheering soldiers, looked back at In-gong. Carack, who could read In-gong’s intentions more accurately than anyone else, was astonished. 
“P-Prince?” 
“S-Shutra! 
Felicia cried out anxiously. 
In-gong acted instead of responding and threw Felicia toward Carack. 
Felicia’s biggest fear was falling, so she screamed as she fell 10 meters. Carack immediately threw his shield aside and opened his arms. All the soldiers swallowed their astonishment. 
"Kyaaaak...?" 
Felicia, who was screaming, lowered her voice involuntarily. Carack smiled bitterly with his arms wide open. 
Felicia’s descent was very slow, and she seemed to be flying smoothly. 
It was thanks to In-gong’s Telekinesis. 
“Shutra, you!” 
Felicia landed safely in Carack’s arms and shouted at In-gong. She sounded like a young girl since she had truly been scared. 
In-gong smiled and saluted Felicia. 
It was at that moment that...
‘Felicia really has it hard. Your actions are similar to the sword duke’s.’ 
A voice filled with admonition was heard in his head. In-gong knew the voice. 
‘Anastasia?’ 
It was clearly message magic. He turned in the direction of the message magic and saw Anastasia. She was standing above the gates as she spoke to In-gong. 
'Shutra, please keep a hold on the Paran clan. I’m going to finish this fight.’ 
Both Berkintox and Artman had died. It was natural for the morale of the enemies to reach the bottom, especially with the mighty Paran clan warriors disabled. 
If the leader had escaped, like Actius, then the enemies might not be completely destroyed. So, this was an opportunity. She could win easily if she opened the gates and led the troops out. 
‘As expected from Anastasia.’ 
Anastasia definitely wouldn’t waste this good opportunity. She was clearly thinking about about building up some merits with this. It was a situation where In-gong had already established the first merit, but the second one was still available. 
It wasn’t bad. However, this wasn’t because she was obsessed with merits. Perhaps this action resulted from her sense of responsibility and duty. 
However, In-gong had no attention of following Anastasia’s will. 
‘I won’t just keep hold of them.’ 
'What?' 
In-gong didn’t answer Anastasia’s question. He took a deep breath and shot off toward the Giant King's Sword. 
No one could restrain In-gong. The Paran clan warriors on their knees could only see In-gong. Additionally, there were enemies who were still confused. 
After reaching the Giant King's Sword, In-gong gathered aura and magic power produced by his quad-core and concentrated it on his right hand. 
In-gong still wasn’t clear about the relationship between the Giant King's Sword and the giants. 
However, there were some things he learnt after repeated experiments with the Gullam clan. 
The Giant King's Sword had the power to rule the giants, and that force responded to the magic power of a dragon. The larger the magic power, the stronger the command would be. 
In-gong poured the magic power into a large jewel attached to the guard of the Giant King's Sword. Then he used the dragon’s roar of command! 
“Drakon Kechatulla commands you! The Paran clan! Stand up!” 
The Paran warriors raised their bodies instantly. The sight of hundreds of giants standing at the same time was truly overbearing. 
“My name is Shutra Ignus! The 9th Prince of the Demon King’s Palace!” 
In-gong’s voice was amplified by Green Wind’s magic. It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that it shook the whole battlefield. 
All eyes turned to In-gong, and the name of the 9th Prince was carved into their heads. 
"The wicked traitor, Berkintox, who deceived the Paran clan is dead! The Paran clan! Wake up from Berkintox’s delusion! It is time to show your loyalty, which has never changed in your long history!” 
The bad one was Berkintox, and he had died. Thus, the Paran clan had room for salvation. 
In-gong didn’t know the details, but he didn’t think that all of the Paran would have rebellious thoughts against the Demon King’s Palace. It was likely they had just been following the orders of their chief, Berkintox as the Paran clan had been loyal for hundreds of years. 
Of course, if they agreed with Berkintox, then he planned to punish them. However, it was possible to be lenient on the ordinary Paran clan members. If the Paran clan, which had acted as a barrier on the Western Limit Line, disappeared, then it would be too damaging to the Demon King’s Palace. 
In-gong once again poured magic power into the Giant King's Sword. There were some Paran clan members who were really moved by In-gong’s speech, but there were also those who weren’t moved. Thus, In-gong decided to use a coercive method. 
“Drakon Kechatulla!” 
“Drakon Kechatulla!” 
The Paran clan shouted. Whether or not the reverence in those cries were true or not, the Paran clan seemed to have turned completely in the eyes of the orcs and barbarians. 
Additionally, the Paran clan weren’t the only giants on this battlefield. 
“Hooray, Your Highness the 9th Prince!” 
"Hooray!" 
"Follow the prince!” 
The Gullam clan shouted loudly, and the soldiers on the walls followed suit, filling the battlefield with voices calling for In-gong. 
Anastasia laughed bitterly. She had been completely buried under In-gong’s light. 
'It can't be helped.’ 
The most important thing was to win, so it wasn’t a bad feeling. 
Anastasia opened the gates. At first, she planned to be at the front to gain some merits. 
Now, the fight was as good as done. Among the orcs, there were those who threw their weapons down and surrendered, while the ranks of the barbarians collapsed as they ran away. It was a reenactment of the pursuit which took place at the central fortress. 
'Master, you have a villainous face. But that face is also good. The slightly dangerous feeling is very attractive.' 
Green Wind whispered to In-gong who shrugged and looked down at the battlefield. 
&  
Not just Berkintox, but the senior general, Artman, had died as well. 
Two leaders of the rebels had been removed at the same time. 
Once this news spread, it was clear that all of Curtis would be shaken. There were still a considerable number of rebels left in the north and west, but they had no focal point. 
Although the western barbarian king, Actius, remained, he was king of the barbarians, not Curtis. So, he couldn’t become a focal point for the forces in the north and west. 
As soon as the battle was over, Anastasia spread the news. 
Most were pleased by this remarkable news, but others couldn’t hide their confusion. 
Victor, the 3rd Prince and Anastasia’s brother, couldn’t follow the fast-paced situation. 
It had only been a few days ago that he had collected troops to crush the rebels and take revenge for Anastasia. 
Now, his sister had survived, despite his abandonment. Moreover, she hadn’t simply survived but had achieved victory as well. 
Victor had gathered his troops to help in the battle at the 12th base, only to hear that they had already won before he even arrived. It was once again a great success. 
Both were very good news, but he was embarrassed. He felt like he had been acting stupid alone. 
Aside from Victor’s circumstances, the 12th base continued being busy. 
“I surrender.” 
Belovaki, a senior warrior of the White Warriors, spoke on behalf of the other Paran clan members. He had been vice captain of the 100 White Warriors and opposed Berkintox’s rebellion, causing him to be demoted. 
In-gong had no intention of killing all the Paran clan members, so he was very pleased with Belovaki’s presence. He had also shown his skills next to Berkintox in Knight Saga. 
Belovaki eyes were filled with honour and admiration as he gazed at In-gong. It wasn’t just because of the Giant King's Sword. The Paran clan tribe admired the strong, and In-gong had defeated Berkintox, their strongest warrior, which made him worthy of praise. 
In-gong left the issue of the surrendered 100 White Warriors to Belovaki. He had been able to neutralize the Paran clan due to the Giant King's Sword. 
As soon as the most urgent problem of the Paran clan was over, In-gong met with Anastasia and Felicia. There was a lot of work to clean up after the battle, especially since a lot of people had surrendered this time. 
When it was all over, it was already late at night. In-gong lay down on his bed in the 12th base, and the semi-solid Green Wind created a cool wind by In-gong’s side. 
He had a lot to think about. 
In-gong had to figure out the relationship between the Giant King's Sword and the giants, as well as figure out why War had been behind the rebellions. A plan was also needed to clean up the north and west. 
However, In-gong put all those troubles away because he had something much better to think about. 
‘I was patient.’ 
He’d had to devote himself to other things for hours, despite gaining a new skill. 
Moreover, it wasn’t just a skill. It was Apostle Appointment. 
'Now, shall I take a look?’ 
What was the effect of Apostle Appointment? It was only level one, so how many apostles could he appoint? Additionally, who should he prioritize to appoint as an apostle? 
There were many candidates in his head, so it was an unexpectedly pleasant problem. 
"Master, you seem to be very cheerful.” 
“Yes.” 
In-gong grinned as he opened his skills window and examined the new conquest skill, ‘Apostle Appointment’. 
&  
“Shutra, choose—me or Carack.” 
"Master, I believe in Master. I definitely believe in you.”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 167 - Chapter 32: Giants #4
Felicia, who was wearing a white nightgown over pearl pajamas, crossed her legs on the chair and narrowed her eyes. She stared at In-gong sitting on the bed and opened her eyes. 
"So, to summarize, the four knights each have the power to appoint an apostle. The eastern barbarian king Karatus and Berkintox whom we fought today were the apostles of war?” 
"That's right." 
In-gong nodded. Felicia paused before saying to In-gong, 
"Now, as the Conquest Knight, Shutra is able to appoint an apostle.” 
"Exactly.” 
Approximately 10 minutes ago, In-gong had called Felicia to his room to explain briefly about the apostles. The story was quick because Felicia had already seen Karatus and Berkintox. 
"Hmm. So, what is the difference between an apostle and being a member of the King’s Knights?” 
An apostle was able to receive the strength of one of the four knights. 
However, this was also the same for the King’s Knights. After Felicia became a member of the King’s Knights, she gained confidence in her stamina and magic power. 
In-gong scratched his cheek and explained to Felicia, 
“Uh... it is a bit strange, but if we say a king’s knight is just a subordinate, an apostle would be more like family? The relationship is a little closer. The king’s knights can consider themselves as minor apostles.” 
"Is it like the difference between someone you know and someone important?” 
“Well... a little bit?” 
It was a somewhat strange analogy, but the meaning was there. 
Felicia bit her lip and turned her gaze slightly away before asking In-gong again, 
"Are there any restrictions on making an apostle? For example, every time you make one, the power of the knight weakens.” 
Felicia was sharp. 
In-gong sighed and replied,
“It is like Noona said. The power of the knight is needed in order to make an apostle. In my case, it is the power of Conquest.” 
"Is it the concept of becoming weaker to give strength to an apostle?” 
If one point was subtracted from 10 strength, he would only have nine points left. 
Felicia’s question mixed with the worries in In-gong’s head. 
"That’s not it. It’s more like collecting magic power to use a powerful spell? I’m exhausting my accumulated power to make an apostle. That depleted power will be restored over time.” 
His power would be slightly weak Immediately after creating the apostle. However, it wasn’t a permanent loss, so he could bear it. 
"But there seems to be a certain limit on the number of apostles which can be sustained with the strength. That is why I need to do some research.” 
Currently, In-gong’s Apostle Appointment was only level one. There might be some innovative changes once it reached a higher level. 
'And... there are the cases of the other knights.’ 
The War Knight had put forth several apostles. 
The apostle of death, who had appeared in Thunderdoom Fortress, had a much stronger power of death than the power of war Berkintox and Artman had. 
Additionally, the Famine Knight didn’t have even one apostle. His power of Famine was weaker than In-gong’s power of Conquest. 
The main reason for the gap between the knights was time. 
How long they had been a knight, and how long they had handled the power? 
The War Knight and Death Knight were obviously very old. 
Otherwise, the current situation couldn’t be explained. 
"Hrmm... then Shutra, how many apostles can you appoint now?” 
"Just one.” 
In-gong shrugged as he replied to Felicia’s question. Felicia sighed and crossed her legs in the opposite direction. 
"This is why you need advice.” 
"Yes, I am worried about who to appoint as an apostle.” 
He could only make one person his apostle right now, so he was worried about it. Felicia narrowed her eyes and asked, 
"Who are the candidates?” 
"All of the King's Knights. If I had to add anyone else, maybe Caitlin noona and Chris hyung?” 
“Caitlin and Chris?” 
"I trust both of them.” 
The two people had taught him aura and Divine Beast Authority. He had already established an alliance with both of them even before he formed a relationship with Felicia. 
Felicia twisted her lips at In-gong’s words and spread open her fan to hide her face. Then she said, 
"Hum hum, wouldn’t it be better for the first one to be among the knights?” 
Her ears were twitching slightly. It was at that moment that Green Wind appeared suddenly beside In-gong in her solid form and nodded. 
“Princess is right. Master, I think so as well. It should be within the King’s Knights.” 
According to Felicia and Green Wind, Chris and Caitlin weren’t knights, so they were eliminated. 
Felicia, who had a strong sense of pride, said quickly, 
"As a non-combatant, shouldn’t Nayatra be subtracted?” 
“That’s right. Princess’ words are very correct. It is good if someone other than Nayatra is an apostle.” 
Nayatra was quickly eliminated. 
"And... General Vandal is too far away isn’t he? There are many times when he won’t be together with you.” 
"He isn’t with Prince.” 
Once again, Green Wind agreed with Felicia’s words. The two people carefully excluded Vandal and Silvan from the candidates. 
"Well, well. So, now, there are four candidates?” 
Felicia glanced at In-gong with expectant eyes. In-gong tried to hold back a laugh as he told Felicia and Green Wind, 
"In fact, I have already set the candidates. Three people.” 
“Three people?” 
"Noona, Green Wind, and Carack. There are two reasons for selecting these three candidates.” 
In-gong raised his fingers one by one. 
"First, they need to have a long experience with the power of Conquest. Second, they need to be someone emotionally close to me. It is good to have someone who meets those conditions in order to have a more efficient apostle.” 
Karma had always followed In-gong, so she had a long experience with the power of Conquest. However, she was unfortunately eliminated because of the second reason. 
“Umm.” 
Felicia made a satisfied sound after hearing the two reasons from In-gong. Green Wind then pulled at In-gong’s arm and asked, 
"Master, then it is me as well?” 
She had been with him for a long time and was emotionally close. 
As Green Wind’s eyes gleamed, Felicia quickly folded up her fan. 
"No, Green Wind is always with Shutra. The apostle should be someone who is able to fight independently.” 
Both the barbarian king and Berkintox had moved apart from the War Knight. 
As Felicia swiftly eliminated Green Wind as a candidate, she opened her fan with a large sound. 
“Shutra, choose—me or Carack.” 
Her tone indicated that she was feeling a little bit impatient. Green Wind ignored Felicia’s words and grabbed In-gong’s hand. 
"Master. I believe in Master. I definitely believe in you.” 
In-gong finally laughed. He looked between Felicia and Green Wind, and asked, 
"Do you both want to become stronger?” 
Becoming an apostle would make them stronger than they were now. 
Felicia avoided In-gong’s gaze as she replied, 
“I-It isn’t like that. Just...” 
“Just?” 
"Master, I want to be your first apostle.” 
Green Wind suddenly interrupted. Her passionate voice seemed to be trying to reach his heart. Then In-gong looked at Felicia. 
“Noona as well?” 
"I-I don’t care about being your first apostle. I just like to be first.” 
"Well, I see." 
In-gong’s eyes narrowed, and Felicia’s ears turned redder. She eventually cried out, 
“Anyway! Decide quickly—me or Carack.” 
"Master." 
Instead of answering, In-gong nodded a few times before getting up from his seat. He had a new proposal in order to make it fair for everyone. 
"Call Carack and ask him.” 
&  
"Hrmm, I don’t know what an apostle is, but I think it should be Green Wind rather than Princess.” 
After being invited, Carack heard about the situation and said that with folded arms. 
As Felicia and Green Wind looked at Carack for different reasons, Carack explained in a relaxed voice, 
"Doesn’t Green Wind always fight with Prince? So, if Green Wind becomes stronger, Prince will as well. If there is only one apostle, then I think it is right to strengthen Prince’s power. After all, the most important thing is the Prince’s safety.” 
As expected from Carack, it was a reasonable and relevant reason. 
"Oh... Orc, you are a good guy. It seems that I have misunderstood you.” 
Carack laughed at Green Wind’s words. 
"Then how do you normally see me?” 
"I saw you as an orc, Orc.” 
Green Wind said bluntly, and Carack laughed again. 
"Hmm, then is it decided on Green Wind?” 
In-gong asked all of them to be precise. Then he looked at Felicia, who covered her face with a fan and said, 
“Lots.” 
“Huh?” 
"Let’s draw lots. All three people have good reasons.” 
Even as she spoke, shame grew in her voice. Carack clicked his tongue. 
"Princess, obsession is bad.” 
"Am I acting obsessed?” 
"You are obsessed. Obsessed Princess.” 
Green Wind added, dealing the heaviest blow. Felicia stared in disbelief, and her long ears sagged. 
It was at this moment that In-gong couldn’t bear it any longer and burst out laughing. 
"Well, actually... there is no reason to argue.” 
“What does that mean?” 
Carack blinked as he asked. Felicia and Green Wind both stared at In-gong. 
In-gong shrugged and replied, 
"The apostle of the Conquest Knight is a little special.” 
The Four Knights of the Apocalypse had different powers. 
Therefore, the creation of an apostle was slightly different for every knight. 
"Now, I can appoint one apostle. If it were the same as other knights, then I can make only one fixed apostle, but... the Conquest Knight has an ability that makes it different." 
The King's Knights. 
With a crown on his head, this was the power of the Conquest Knight, who was born with the fate of a king. 
"The Conquest Knight can upgrade any knight to an apostle. It is a temporary, non-permanent upgrade, so I can change the person receiving the upgrade, depending on the situation.” 
The members of the King’s Knights were already like minor apostles. So, it was a type of power-up which turned minor apostles into real apostles. 
‘Thanks to this system, Karma can become an apostle as well.’ 
It was a bit of a sorry story, but if he had to prioritize the appointment of an apostle, Karma was the one in the lead. 
She would become the first one to receive the Apostle Appointment, and he would change the apostle depending on the situation. Karma was one of the most important people on missions due to her great mobility. 
After hearing In-gong’s explanation, Carack shook his head and pointed at the chair where Felicia was sitting. 
"Is it just like that big chair? As it grows, the number of people sitting on it at the same time can increase?” 
"Exactly. As expected of Carack.” 
Yes, it was a decent analogy. 
Green Wind nodded. 
However, Felicia was different. She stared straight at In-gong and said, 
"Wait a minute, wait a minute. Then why didn’t you say that from the beginning?” 
Things would have gone a lot faster if he had said that first. 
At Felicia’s question, Carack and Green Wind also looked at In-gong with curiosity. In-gong shrugged and replied, 
"It was cute seeing you argue with each other over who should be first.” 
In particular, Felicia... 
Felicia’s face turned red at his words, and she fanned herself angrily. Her expression was now grouchy. 
Carack shook his head while Green Wind narrowed her eyes. 
Some time passed as they talked. 
As Felicia stretched out with weariness, Carack asked like he suddenly remembered something,
"Prince, then should you give Apostle Appointment a try? Who will be the first apostle?” 
“Huh?” 
"Even if Apostle Appointment isn’t permanent, there still has to be the first apostle.” 
He once again had a logical and valid point. 
Felicia and Green Wind asked at the same time, 
“Shutra?” 
"Master?" 
In-gong laughed awkwardly. 
&  
"Uh, can I really be the first?” 
Karma, who was invited to In-gong’s room in the middle of the night, asked Felicia and Green Wind. 
Although she knew very little about the Conquest Knight, it soon became clear that Felicia and Green Wind placed great meaning in being the first apostle. 
Poor Karma’s shoulders sagged, while Carack put a big hand on her shoulder and said reassuringly, 
"This is the most fair solution.” 
If he chose either Felicia or Green Wind, the one who wasn’t chosen would be out of control. 
Felicia and Green Wind both had the same expression on their faces as In-gong turned to Karma with a somewhat tired expression. 
“Karma, close your eyes.” 
Karma closed her eyes, and In-gong reached out toward her. Then the Conquest Coat of Arms emerged on Karma’s forehead. 
The new power of the King’s Knights, the apostle promotion... 
In-gong gave Karma strength, and a pure white light enveloped her body. 
&  
"What did you do that you didn’t sleep all night?”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 168 - Chapter 32: Giants #5
Next to the main office of the 12th base, there was a space provided for meetings. 
Anastasia, who had settled in the meeting room earlier than anyone else, looked between In-gong and Felicia with a slight frown. 
"What did you do that you didn’t sleep all night? I heard that a number of people came and went from Shutra’s room.” 
During the night, there had been many visitors to In-gong’s room. 
In-gong shrugged and replied,
“Just... well, this and that.” 
"Hrmm." 
Anastasia’s eyes narrowed. Felicia noticed and quickly intervened, 
"Now, didn’t you say there were many things to discuss today? Let’s start quickly. Yes?” 
Anastasia couldn’t help smiling at the cute sight. It was because she hadn’t seen Felicia’s charm for a while. 
However, that didn’t last long. Anastasia restored her refined expression and glanced at In-gong and Felicia. 
"It’s about the disposal of those who surrendered.” 
Currently, there were more prisoners than troops being held at the 12th base. If they didn’t move quickly, it was clear a disturbance would occur. 
Those who surrendered or were captured could be mostly divided into four types:
The Hwarin and Paran giant clans; 
The orcs who were originally soldiers of the Demon King’s Palace; 
And the barbarians who came from beyond the limit line.
"The barbarians aren’t a big problem. We can handle them as usual.” 
The future of caught barbarians was always one of two options: execution; or slavery. 
In-gong had already experienced this after fighting the eastern barbarians, so he didn’t pay much attention to it. For the Demon King’s Palace, the barbarians were enemies. So, mercy couldn’t be given to them. 
Felicia frowned and said,
"Are the original army members the problem?” 
"That's right, especially the Hwarin and Paran clan.” 
Anastasia took a sip of tea instead of sighing. In contrast to Felicia and Caitlin, every move of Anastasia’s was as elegant as a true princess. 
However, she seemed a bit more relaxed this time. 
Her voice and eyes were filled with fatigue. 
"In other words, we have to punish the orcs properly. The commanders should be executed, but we don’t need to take the lives of the ordinary soldiers. Just think of it as they were following orders.” 
Anastasia wasn’t particularly generous as it was a practical concern. 
Many rebels still remained in Curtis. Now that Berkintox, the leader of the rebellion, was dead, they would be watching. 
They needed to decide whether to surrender or continue to fight. 
Tough punishment would just increase the rebels’ will to fight. Now was the time to release the stranglehold on their necks. It was clear that the soldiers would surrender if they could live. 
‘The real punishment will be after Curtis has calmed down.’ 
Anastasia swallowed those words and continued explaining. 
"But the Hwarin and Paran clans are different. The Hwarin has directly damaged the demon king’s army. They destroyed the transportation formations, and the soldiers guarding them. The Paran clan members who surrendered were Berkintox’s bodyguards.” 
They couldn’t be handled in the same manner as regular soldiers, particularly the Hwarin clan. Due to succumbing to In-gong’s influence, the Paran clan had killed less than the Hwarin, who had killed hundreds of soldiers. 
"But Unni, executing all the giants is unreasonable.” 
"I thought so as well. The loss of manpower will be too big. Moreover, it may increase the survivors’ will to fight unnecessarily.” 
The worst thing about a civil war was that no matter which side won, the overall power would be weakened. 
In particular, thousands of soldiers would be required to replace the Paran clan giants who had excellent combat power. It wouldn’t be easy to create a great number of new troops. 
There was more. 
The number of Paran clan members reached up to 1,000. It was a number which included the young and the old, but there were still hundreds of Paran clan members left. 
There needed to be some way for them to live. Otherwise, there would be a desperate battle for survival. 
Anastasia opened her mouth after a short silence. 
"However, this time, we have no choice but to kill many of the captured Hwarin. Among the 100 Paran members, the ones close to Berkintox should be executed. The rest of the giants, like the orcs, will be given appropriate punishment.” 
It might be cold or calculative, but the Hwarin were wanderers and didn’t really help in the defense of Curtis. They were troops which didn’t need to be replaced, and the aftermath of their deaths would be small. 
There was no mercy for those who had destroyed the transportation formations and killed hundreds of soldiers. 
In that sense, the 100 members of the Paran clan were lucky. If they had actively engaged in battle with soldiers of the demon king, they wouldn’t have received such a light punishment. 
In-gong nodded with a heavy expression as they discussed things like implementing heavy taxes over the next few years. 
“It isn’t bad. Moreover, Anastasia noona is in charge of Curtis. So, I will respect Noona’s will.” 
“I will follow Unni’s will.” 
The atmosphere sank after discussing executions. 
Then after hearing In-gong and Felicia’s answer, Anastasia sighed and opened her mouth to speak again. 
“Okay, the matter of punishment has been settled. The following issue is regarding the rest of the rebels.”
Anastasia pointed to the map of Curtis spread out on the table in the meeting room. Colourful sculptures represented the position and number of the current forces on the map. 
"It is clear that the east will collapse when touched. The problem is the north and the west, but I don’t think it will be that difficult.” 
From the beginning, the east had simply been watching the situation. They weren’t stupid enough to rebel after Berkintox died. 
On the other hand, the problematic north and west had no focal point. Berkintox had used his best cards in order to finish the battle at the 12th base quickly. As a result, it had brought catastrophic losses to the rebels. 
Berkintox had lost his life, the second leader, Artman, had been killed, and the 100 giants had been absorbed into the demon king’s army. 
The rebels still had Actius, but he was a barbarian and couldn’t be the center of the rebels. 
There was also a very high probability that Actius would run away instead of fight. So, Actius and the barbarians would probably rush back over the limit line. 
"Excuse me, Shutra. There is something I want to ask you.” 
Anastasia turned to In-gong. She paused for a moment before saying with a slight smile, 
"Can you leave recapturing the north and west to me and Victor orabeoni?” 
Anastasia was beautiful, overly beautiful. Her thin neckline revealed a smooth collarbone and white skin, enough to drive a man mad. Her small shoulders, busty chest and narrow waist covered by thick clothing stimulated one’s foolish imagination. 
Additionally, she had a nice scent. Her beauty was enough to make someone lose their soul just by looking at her. 
She smiled at In-gong, but there was no smile back. 
“As expected, it didn’t work.” 
Anastasia frowned while sweating. Although she had the strange eyes of a succubus, she was staring at In-gong in her usual elegant manner. 
Felicia guessed the situation and shot up from her seat. 
“Unni!” 
"Felicia, did you give the Tears of a Dark Elf to Shutra? You're really too much. Did you really have to give that away? You didn’t even ask me.” 
Anastasia looked sad, and even Felicia’s heart seemed shaken. 
However, Felicia also had the Tears of a Dark Elf which made them virtually immune to mental attacks. 
"Unni, do you really have to use your beauty against your younger siblings?” 
Anastasia responded to the grouchy words with an elegant smile, 
“I knew it wouldn’t work.” 
She still seemed elegant despite the rude words. Indeed, it was a truly graceful appearance. 
Felicia’s mouth opened and closed like she had no words, while Anastasia turned her gaze back to In-gong. She stared at In-gong without using any enchantments and said, 
"Shutra, what do you think of my request?” 
It was a political demand. 
In-gong had already gained large merits during Berkintox’s rebellion. He had rescued Anastasia, who was in charge of Curtis, and in the process, he had defeated the barbarian king, Actius. He had personally killed Berkintox, the rebellion leader, and Artman, who had turned his back on the Demon King’s Palace despite being a senior general. 
It wasn’t an exaggeration to say he had virtually shut down the rebellion alone. 
If In-gong recovered the north and west as well, then Anastasia and Victor would be truly ridiculed. 
Anastasia had some small merits. She had played a role in defeating Actius, escaping the central and commanding the whole army at the 12th base. 
However, Victor really had no merits. Moreover, he had abandoned his sister callously. It was obvious that he would be scorned when compared to In-gong who had broken through an army of 30,000 enemies alone. 
The only merit possible for him was recapturing the north and west. That way, he could maintain his pride at the Demon King’s Palace. 
However, for that to happen, In-gong would need to yield that merit. 
Anastasia felt nervous under her mask of calmness while In-gong stared at her. Instead of annoying Anastasia by dragging out the time, he answered immediately,
"There is one condition." 
“Tell me.” 
In-gong glanced at Felicia. 
Last night, Felicia had foreseen that Anastasia would do exactly this. So, he had decided on a condition with Felicia. 
"Later in the future, you will help me once, regardless of your own interests—using all the power that Noona has.” 
Recapturing the north and west was post-war work. There was no need to go crazy because he had already gained huge merits. So, he would prefer for Anastasia to owe him a debt. 
Anastasia frowned at In-gong’s demand and replied,
"Shutra, I am a princess of the Demon King’s Palace. I won’t cooperate with anything that goes against the Demon King’s Palace.” 
"Then let’s put it as a ‘favour’ as long as it ‘isn’t against the Demon King’s Palace’. I am also a prince of the Demon King’s Palace. I have no intention of doing anything to go against that.” 
That was actually the case. Stopping Zephyr’s ambitions and killing the War Knight and Death Knight were good things for the Demon King’s Palace. 
Anastasia lowered her eyes like it couldn’t be helped and nodded. 
"Okay, let's do that. I also owe you my life. I will do well if you ever have a request.” 
Anastasia told him before turning back to Felicia. She then laughed and continued, 
"So, don't worry about it. I won’t forget about this. I will repay everything in full. Are you sure Shutra isn’t asking for too much?” 
Felicia smiled and shrugged at the words. 
“I am on Shutra’s side.” 
"You should be on Unni’s side.” 
Anastasia whined, but that just widened the smile on Felicia’s face. 
Anastasia laughed as well. From the beginning, her whining has been a joke. 
‘It is better than I thought.’ 
In Knight Saga, Felicia and Anastasia had always been on the same side. 
Their conversation at the tea party had been fairly tense, but that seemed to be due to a misunderstanding. 
"In that case, Anastasia noona, I’ll head to the southwest with Felicia.” 
Anastasia tilted her head at In-gong’s words. 
"To the residence of the lizardmen?” 
"Yes, I would like to look at the ruins and surrounding areas. Felicia noona would also like that.” 
Felicia was someone who loved visiting ruins. 
However, that wasn't the only reason. He wanted to dig deeper into the secret of the Giant King's Sword and the giants. 
Galang had said the lizardmen were also told the story of Drakon Kechatulla. It was an ancient mystery, so they might know more about the Giant King's Sword and dragon warrior. 
"Yes, go if you want.”  
Anastasia had no apparent reason to refuse. 
&  
In-gong left the 12th base the next day. Anastasia stood on the wall and watched In-gong’s group head west, and she sighed without realising it. 
It had only been a few days. She still remembered the central fortress when she closed her eyes. 
Victor wouldn’t come. He had abandoned Anastasia. 
His behaviour was understandable. There had only been a low chance of victory. It had been a situation where it would have been easy for them to die together. 
That’s why she didn’t feel resentment. Neither could she reproach him for it. 
Instead, she had a different idea. 
What would Anastasia have done? If Victor was trapped in the central fortress, would she had gone to save him? Would she really have given up on Victor? 
Anastasia laughed bitterly. Then she remembered another family member. 
She had escaped the crisis because of Shutra. 
"I'm still soft.” 
Anastasia muttered. Her mother, Titania, was always worried about her being too soft. 
Maybe this softness was something she had inherited from her father, the demon king? 
However, she didn’t hate it. She remembered the words Baikal used to say when she was a child. 
‘Anastasia, we aren’t enemies. We are competitors running towards the same goal, and we can lead each other to a higher place.’ 
He was truly soft. When she thought about it, he truly was a fool of a brother. 
‘I don’t dislike it.’ 
She didn’t dislike Baikal’s words. In fact, she was able to confirm it this time. 
Shutra’s face popped up. She couldn’t forget about the time when he came to rescue her. 
'Everyone is soft.’ 
Anastasia shrugged and smiled brightly. 
&  
'Master, why are you laughing like this? You look stupid. I also like that about Master.’ 
“It’s just... I feel good.” 
In-gong looked at the wall of the 12th base with aura-enhanced eyes before turning back to the front again. It was truly comfortable being on Maybach’s back after a long time away. 
There were 100 soldiers behind In-gong, and all of them were horsemen with their own mounts. 
“There is a long way to go, and isn’t the party small? We’ll be ‘faster than the wind’.” 
The new soldiers smiled without thinking, but the others were different. Their bodies flinched reflexively. Maybach was the same as he recalled what had happened in Evian. 
In particular, Felicia showed a dramatic reaction. 
"Shutra, did Noona do something wrong to you?” 
Her face was really cute. In-gong suppressed the urge to pinch her cheek and laughed cheerfully. 
"I’ll be in the lead. And Prince, you shouldn’t bully Princess. It doesn’t matter how fun it is.” 
Carack admonished him while Green Wind appeared beside In-gong in a semi-solid state. It was for the sake of Protection of the Wind. 
In-gong looked at the west again. He could smell a large forest from the wind. 
“Go.” 
In-gong pulled out the flag of light, and Green Wind used Protection of the Wind on everyone. 
They moved toward the west. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 169 - Chapter 33: Victory
Curtis was a rainy and wet area, with the lizardmen residing in the swamp region. 
The lizardmen called the swamp area, Kalung Puoga, with many spectacular cities. 
As there wasn’t much hard ground to build on, the lizardmen built on the swamps and lakes. 
It was obvious, but it was impossible to build ordinary buildings on a swamp or lake. Therefore, the buildings in Kalung Puoga had two forms. 
One form was a ship. These were buildings in the form of large or small ships. Due to the chains connecting the ships, there was a sense of stability, just like standing on the ground. 
The other form was a floating building. It was made by embedding long pillars into the swamp and then building on top of it. It was an ignorant way to use trees, but the area nearby was a forest. There were many giant trees in the forest, so there was no shortage of wood. 
Carack walked along a bridge made of little ferry boats. It was a hot and humid area, so his whole body was sweaty. 
The lizardmen soaking in the swamp greeted Carack. They were the common people of Kalung Puoga, not soldiers of the Demon King’s Palace. 
In-gong’s group had arrived in Kalung Puoga this morning, and it was now noon. This was the hottest time of the day, and it truly felt like it. There was no one who wasn’t sweating. 
Normally, the trip would take four to five days, but In-gong’s group had made it in just two days. 
They had heard that In-gong’s group was coming, but the lizardman couldn’t help feeling astonishment and admiration. 
“Those from the Demon King’s Palace are truly great.” 
“I think so as well.” 
Carack laughed at the admiration of the lizardmen soldiers who guided them around Kalung Puoga. There was great admiration for the ‘faster than the wind’ method. However, the soldiers who had experienced the ‘faster than the wind’ method for two days felt dislike for it, rather than admiration. 
Kalung Puoga consisted of mainly one-storey buildings. Carack crossed a large building and arrived at a room. 
“Princess, are you okay?” 
Felicia, who was lying down in the middle of the room, replied loudly to Carack’s question, 
“Do I look okay?” 
“Well, it seems like you have a problem with the heat, rather than exhaustion.” 
Like Carack, Felicia was sweaty. The dark elves’ high-exposure clothes didn’t help in stopping the heat of Kalung Puoga. 
"Yes. It seems like you are getting used to this. Have you become stronger?” 
“It seems so.” 
She had become strong, but this time it was because In-gong had controlled the pace. There was no urgent reason, so he didn’t feel the need to drain Felicia. 
"Carack, please have some of this.” 
The sweating Delia handed out a drink in a large metal cup. It was a cold drink to cool him down. 
"Thank you. Everywhere in the swamp is hot.” 
Carack smiled after emptying the cup. Felicia stared at Delia’s red cheeks, wondering when her aide’s tastes had distorted, before asking something else. 
“Shutra?” 
They had arrived together, but she hadn’t seen him since. Felicia had collapsed as soon as she arrived at the accommodation. 
Carack replied with a laugh, 
"He is talking to the officers. He wanted me to come and check on Princess. It is because Princess is very precious.” 
"Hrmm, hrmm. You say that, but he won’t stop teasing his Noona.” 
Felicia complained while covering her face with a fan. Carack chuckled when he saw her twitching ears. 
"Princess’ face is truly bright. Indeed, a smiling face suits Princess better than a grim look. I think that all smiling women are pretty, but Princess seems especially beautiful.” 
The compliments flowed out as naturally as water. 
The contents weren’t that unusual, but it was important that the speaker was an orc. Felicia smiled with admiration. 
“Carack, you really are an orc, right?” 
"I am an orc. I don't know why you keep asking me this.” 
"Carack is special." 
Delia replied in a soft voice, with a hint of pride mixed in it. 
Felicia resisted making a comment and changed the topic. A new visitor had come to chat; it was In-gong. 
"Huh? You’re here already?” 
"The talk ended quicker than expected.” 
In-gong responded, and with the drink Delia handed him, he sat down in a chair situated opposite Felicia.
"How are you?” 
“Not bad. What did you talk about?” 
In-gong shrugged at Felicia’s question and then said,  
"I just listened to the situation of the locals. I also heard some things about Victor hyung.” 
Victor had headed to the northwest two days ago, leading a group of lizardmen. It was his mission to take control of the west while Anastasia recaptured the east. 
Therefore, there was no chance for In-gong’s party to meet him. 
'Well, there is no reason to encounter him.’ 
Victor was truly embarrassed by his work at Curtis, so it would just be uncomfortable meeting him. 
'He is a prince.’ 
He was also just as good-looking as Anastasia. 
Then while In-gong was still thinking, Felicia asked,
"Is there something special?” 
"No. The story is predictable. Victor left because he was embarrassed.” 
“I can imagine.” 
Felicia looked away and shrugged bitterly. 
It was at this moment that a lizardman, who had been guarding the entrance, entered the room at a quick pace. 
“Your Highness. The priest has arrived. She wants to see Prince.” 
His face and voice were quite excited. In-gong cocked his head and asked, 
"Priest? From the inner sanctuary?” 
"Yes, Your Highness. The priest of the Dragon Temple.” 
Felicia’s eyes shone at the words, ‘Dragon Temple’. 
The Dragon Temple was the spiritual home of the lizardmen living in Curtis. 
The lizardmen, who believed themselves to be the dragon’s descendents, not only admired dragons but also made them objects of their faith. 
The Dragon Temple was located deep inside the forest and was the headquarters of their faith. 
In-gong could understand why the soldier in front of him was excited. 
According to the lizardmen, the priests, who lived in the Dragon Temple, were closer to being dragons. In other words, they were closer to being nobles, although the meaning was different to what it meant in the Demon King’s Palace. 
The lizardmen felt admiration and love toward the priests of the temple. They really believed the priests were superior to them. 
By default, the priests lived deep in the forest and rarely met ordinary lizardmen. So, the soldier was excited just from having a short conversation with the priest. 
Apart from the soldiers, the reason why Felicia was excited was simple. The Dragon Temple was an ancient ruin which had been passed down for thousands of years. 
"I’ll meet her right now.” 
Felicia cheered quietly at In-gong’s answer. The soldier also replied with an excited face, 
“I understand, Your Highness. I will call the priest here.” 
The soldier exited as quickly as he had entered. It was around half an hour before the soldier returned. 
&  
In-gong and Felicia sat side-by-side and peered down. The lizardmen had heard rumours the priest was coming, so the they had gathered. 
41 people were staring silently with a serious look, so the auditorium felt even hotter. 
‘Master, they are coming.’ 
Green Wind whispered in his ears suddenly. The priest was wearing a white robe and a hood over her head. She stepped before In-gong and Felicia, then she took off her hood slowly in an elegant motion. 
At that moment, the whole room was filled with silent admiration. 
The priest was a woman. Unlike the other lizardmen with dark green or blue scales, she had very beautiful silver scales. The shape of her face was very neat, and the blue eyes felt soft and powerful. Despite being a different species, In-gong still thought she was pretty. 
The reaction of the lizardmen was more intense. In their own terms, her beauty was truly devastating. 
‘Is she roughly in the same class as Anastasia and Felicia?’ 
He saw Felicia every day, so he had become accustomed to it. However, she was a tremendous beauty.  
In-gong recalled Anastasia, who had used the succubus attraction, before shaking his head. Anastasia was certainly incredibly charming at that time, but this was different. She couldn’t be compared to the pure priest in front of him. 
In-gong recalled Green Wind’s sacred expression and Caitlin’s bright smile; the priest was similar to that. 
The lizardman priest bowed to In-gong’s party. 
"This humble girl greets Drakon Kechatulla, the great dragon warrior.” 
Her voice was like rolling jade, and the lizardmen in the auditorium were thrilled, like fans seeing an idol singer. In-gong was worried they would faint. 
Felicia responded with a wide smile,
“I am 6th Princess Felicia. This is 9th Prince Shutra. It is good to meet you.” 
“Thank you for your warm welcome. This girl is Moriyu.” 
The priest revealed her name to In-gong and Felicia. This time, In-gong was the one who asked a question, 
"Moriyu, why did you come to see me?” 
"Great Dragon Warrior, the high priest wants to see the dragon warrior. Please visit the Dragon Temple.” 
The lizardmen in the auditorium let out sounds of admiration. This time it wasn’t due to Moriyu’s beauty. 
The Dragon Temple in the forest was a closed off place. They had never imagined someone would be invited there directly. 
Even Victor hadn’t been invited to the Dragon Temple. 
When they thought about it, that wasn’t the only surprising thing. Moriyu showed up exactly on the day that In-gong had arrived at Kalung Puoga. This was despite the fact that In-gong’s group had shortened the usual schedule by three days. 
Was there an oracle? 
Felicia pulled In-gong’s arms slightly. She looked quite calm, but that was just on the surface. Her two eyes staring at In-gong had a strong desire to run to the Dragon Temple right now. 
‘Quickly! Yes? Quickly!’ 
Felicia’s voice rang only in his ears. 
In-gong nodded and looked back at Moriyu. In-gong wanted to visit the Dragon Temple too. After all, he had come to Kalung Puoga in order to find out the story of the warrior Drakon Kechatulla. 
"Thank you for the invitation. I will make the visit.” 
“Thank you for your response. This girl will guide you.” 
Moriyu answered with a sincere voice before bowing to In-gong. He could feel clearly the sadness of the surrounding lizardmen. 
Two hours later, In-gong left Kalung Puoga and headed to the Dragon Temple. 
&  
Everything inside the forest was still huge. 
The towering trees reminded him of buildings, and the bugs were still horrible. 
The carnivorous plants and wild beasts didn’t change. They hid in the natural environment of the forest and sought a chance to eat. 
The weather was hot and humid. It was much more humid than the large forest near the Gullam village, and there were also deep swamps and lakes.
The most terrible thing was that the journey was long. Unlike the exploration with the Gullam hunters which had lasted just two days, they had to travel for three days this time. The Dragon Temple was located deep in the forest, and In-gong was able to see why the priests lived a closed off life. The temple itself was so remote that it was naturally isolated from the outside world. 
Despite all these problems, the journey with the lizardmen was quite pleasant. 
There were few attacks. 
In-gong’s party didn’t move on foot. Moriyu brought some dragon-like creatures from the Dragon Temple, and they were huge like the creatures in the forest. There were animals resembling Tyrannosauruses and Triceratops lined up, so the beasts of the forest didn’t appear. 
There were also quite a few lizardmen escorting In-gong’s group. Altogether, there were 60 escorts, who all had a strong desire to visit the Dragon Temple. 
Thanks to the special incense of the lizardmen, there were no flying insects around them. The most exciting thing was the lizardmen’s traditional clothes to help with the heat. 
“Strange.” 
In-gong looked at himself with a surprised expression. In-gong was dressed completely different than usual. He was wearing only short pants, with gold ornaments decorating his body. 
However, he wasn’t cooled just by taking off his clothes. The ornaments created a comfortable environment using magic. 
Even in this humid weather, Moriyu was able to wear her hood thanks to magic. 
"Still, I feel strangely ashamed in this outfit.” 
Felicia looked at herself with a slight frown. She was dressed in a similar manner to In-gong. 
However, her style was slightly different from In-gong’s. Felicia’s gold ornaments overlapped with each other to look like clothes. Therefore, her waist and thighs were exposed, but her shoulders and arms weren’t. 
In-gong didn’t see it as any different from Felicia’s usual clothes, but she thought differently. 
“Prince, stop looking. Princess is shy.” 
Carack laughed while shaking the gold ornaments that he too was wearing. Delia and Karma, who were dressed in a similar manner to Felicia, were ashamed. 
When looking at Delia’s thighs and Carack’s biceps, In-gong thought that this style suited Carack the best. 
Then the fourth day passed. Felicia was now accustomed to the new outfit and felt no shame as she gazed at a distant place. She was filled with awe. 
Beyond the swamp was a giant lake, and the lake was shining with the bright blue from the sky. 
However, the real surprise was something else. There was a huge building floating in the air above the surface of the lake. It was a large and beautiful palace with a rounded roof. There was no rain, yet there were several rainbows. 
"Beautiful." 
Felicia cried out. In-gong nodded with agreement. 
It was the Dragon Temple, the lizardmen’s spiritual home. 
In-gong felt his dragon heart respond. The heart was throbbing. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 170 - Chapter 33: Victory #2
At the lake shore, a white boat was waiting for In-gong’s party. It was wide and long, but it was a transportation ship, so it didn’t have a roof. 
Only one person was on the boat. Moriyu climbed onto the boat first and bowed politely. In-gong understood intuitively as to what she meant: only In-gong’s companions could visit the Dragon Temple. 
The 61 lizardmen were In-gong and Felicia’s escorts. By requesting for them not to enter the temple, it could be interpreted as being rude. 
However, In-gong didn’t mind. If the Dragon Temple was plotting something, then he would just destroy the conspiracy. 
Looking back at Felicia, it seemed like she also understood the general situation. She agreed with a wink and climbed onto the boat first. Then she was followed by Delia, Karma, Carack, and finally In-gong. 
The lizardmen realized belatedly that they couldn’t visit the Dragon Temple. They were upset but chose to wait on the shore instead of making a fuss. They respected the authority of the Dragon Temple and were also faithful to In-gong and Felicia. 
The boat carrying In-gong’s group moved quickly despite having no sails. After moving 100 meters, they arrived at the Dragon Temple where several priests in hoods were waiting. 
"Drakon Kechatulla, we greet the Great Dragon Warrior.” 
The priests removed their hoods and greeted the party. Looking at them, In-gong could understand why ordinary lizardmen called the priests of the Dragon Temple as ‘those who were closer to dragons’. 
The male priests were one or two heads taller than ordinary lizardmen, and their scales were bigger and thicker. 
The female priests were beautiful like Moriyu. Each time they moved, their scales seemed to shine. 
"The high priest is waiting for you inside." 
A male priest, who acted as the representative, said politely to them. The priests acted like they were facing the dragon warrior, rather than the royal family of the Demon World. 
The priests’ interest was focused solely on In-gong. Rather than complaining about that fact, Felicia urged In-gong on. She wanted to enter the temple quickly. 
“Please guide me.” 
In-gong refrained from laughing as he instructed them, causing all the priests to get up at once. Despite their big size, their steps were light. 
When they got closer, the temple itself looked like a huge dragon. The white plates attached to the outside of the temple looked like dragon scales. 
Inside the temple, the ceiling was high and simple, and it shone like bright, white light in the sun. 
Moriyu and the priests continued straight ahead, and a big room soon emerged in their sights. There was cold water flowing along the rim of the room, with a small waterfall on both walls. 
Felicia let out a sound of admiration as soon as she entered the big room. However, it wasn’t just due to the sacred feeling of the room. Felicia’s gaze was sparkling with curiosity as she gazed at the lizardman in the middle of the room. 
"The high priest greets Drakon Kechatulla. I would also like to greet you, Princess of the Demon King’s Palace.” 
Felicia was the first to bow to the high priest. She had a bright smile on her face. 
"I am delighted to meet the descendant of the great dragon.” 
Felicia said elegantly. In-gong agreed with Felicia’s words in his heart. 
‘It is real.’ 
The lizardmen claimed to be descendants of a dragon, but they were very different in comparison to the draconians. 
However, the high priest was different. Wings sprouted from his back, making him look much more like a dragon than the draconians, who had a human-like appearance. It was enough to make one believe he was a polymorphic dragon, instead of a lizardmen. 
The high priest was an old man, and the deep look in his eyes proved that. 
"Drakon Kechatulla, the great dragon warrior. I would like to speak plainly. You are here because I have something to tell you.” 
The high priest didn’t waste time with unnecessary rhetoric. Among the lizardmen, he was particularly gigantic. He stared into In-gong’s eyes and said, 
"A few days ago, the dragon warrior awakened the Giant King's Sword. Thanks to this old body, I can finally be sure that the dragon warrior is back after a long period of time.” 
"High Priest, do you have a Giant King's Sword here?” 
Felicia asked. The high priest shook his head. 
"The dragon warrior only had one Giant King's Sword. Instead, there is something which can be called the brother of the Giant King's Sword. It is this.” 
Like In-gong and Felicia, the high priest was dressed in golden ornaments, and he lifted up something which was hanging from his waist. It was a beautifully painted horn. 
"This is the Dragon’s Horn. Just like the Giant King's Sword, it has the power to rule the lizardmen. It has been sleeping for a long time until it woke up a few days ago." 
There were several large gems embedded in the horn, and the gem on the Giant King's Sword shone with a similar light. 
"Great Dragon Warrior, you may wonder why these things exist and why they respond to the dragon warrior. From now on, I will tell you everything I know.” 
The high priest took breathed deeply for a moment. Then his gaze looked far away, like he was engrossed in his memories. 
"The giants were divided into three during the turbulence of time and lost their traditions. We lizardmen have also forgotten most of the traditions and our mission after so many years. I am the only one who can remember, just barely, some things that occurred in the past.” 
It hadn’t been a thousand years; it was much longer than that. 
"Drakon Kechatulla, the warrior who fought against the evil red serpent god... The giants and lizardmen were created to help the dragon warrior. These species were born to fight the evil red serpent god.” 
"Treasures." 
Felicia said suddenly. The swamp mammoths they’d had to fight when they faced the Red Lightning tribe were treasures of the Great Enkidu, and the swamp mammoths lived with the lizardmen. 
The high priest smiled. 
"You can say that they are like treasures, just on a larger scale. The lizardmen and giants were made by the ancient dragon.” 
"Are you talking about the elder dragons?” 
The high priest shook his head at Felicia’s question. 
"I don’t know for certain. However, the creation of the lizardmen and giants happened at least 10,000 years ago. The elder dragons known today aren’t that old.” 
10,000 years... 
That was a large unit of time. Once again, Felicia asked hurriedly, 
"High Priest, do you know about the indigenous species?” 
"They certainly existed. But they disappeared 10,000 years ago. Their civilization was destroyed by the wicked red serpent god.” 
This was the first time In-gong had heard this story, but he was convinced that it was true. Ruins of the indigenous species could be found all over the Demon World, and such large destruction wouldn’t occur naturally. 
"But you can rest assured. The red serpent god has disappeared. It is thanks to the work of the indigenous species and the great dragon warrior.” 
There was a kind smile on the face of the high priest. He looked proud of his ancestors. 
In-gong asked,
"High Priest, what is the dragon warrior?” 
"The dragon warrior refers to a person with the heart and soul of a dragon—an agent of the sacred dragons to maintain the world.” 
In-gong currently had a dragon heart because of Ainkel, but according to the words of the high priest, people like In-gong existed 10,000 years ago. 
“High Priest, do you know about the Four Knights of the Apocalypse?” 
The high priest’s eyes sharpened at the question, and he expressed a fierce hostility. 
"They are called the riders of destruction—the unique people who fought with the evil red serpent god. Dragon Warrior, can you take this?” 
The high priest handed over a ring. The ring was made out of platinum and embedded with a blue gem. 
"This is something that one of the elder dragons, the Recorder Torres, left at the Dragon Temple 1,000 years ago.” 
In-gong received the ring. Then miraculously, the size of the ring was reduced to fit In-gong’s finger. 
“Shutra.” 
Felicia said in a somewhat uneasy voice. However, In-gong smiled reassuringly at her. 
The ring was a relic of an elder dragon. Until now, the relics of the other elder dragons had accepted In-gong as soon as he touched them. It was as though they had been waiting to be conquered. 
In-gong exchanged one final glance with Carack before putting the ring on his index finger. At that moment, he heard a man’s voice in his head.
'I am the Recorder Torres.’ 
In-gong was in the dark, and he heard the voice coming down from a high place. He raised his head and saw a huge dragon’s head with beautiful white scales. 
'The magic was triggered, just like with Ainkel.’ 
In-gong sensed it intuitively. This wasn’t a conversation. It was a one-sided notification, like a recorded video. 
Torres's voice continued speaking, 
'There isn’t a lot to tell. I don’t know how long it has been or what is going on. Therefore, this story will be brief. 
Many thousand years ago, the civilizations, which had been rooted in the Demon World, were destroyed. The records were destroyed and history was lost. 
It was an evil red serpent god who destroyed the world. The Red Dragon of the Apocalypse— The beast who sings for the end of days.’
The ground started burning, and a huge presence emerged. It was a red dragon with seven heads and ten horns. 
The presence of the red dragon itself was a huge catastrophe. Just by spreading its wings open, it seemed to cover the sky, like a shadow bringing death to the earth. 
‘The fight from thousands of years ago ended with failure. The Red Dragon died as well. But it was difficult to say that it was a victory. Civilization was destroyed, and only a handful of species were left to build up a civilization again. The preceding elder dragons were wiped out. So, the world had to be built up from scratch again.’ 
No species had a history longer than 10,000 years. The oldest records belonged to the dark elves who had only preserved 7,000 years. 
The elder dragons were all dead, and there was a new generation of six elder dragons. 
They were the six elder dragons whom In-gong knew. 
'And yet, they remained.’ 
In the darkness, there were four flames of different colours. 
The white Conquest, the red War, blue Death, and black Famine. 
‘They are called the Four Riders of the Apocalypse... Those who craved for the end of the world along with the red dragon.’ 
They didn’t disappear. It was only the red dragon who was gone. 
‘The elder dragons, including myself, knew that the other riders would always be back. Finally, they returned after thousands of years.’ 
Torres showed some records of the past, and In-gong sensed that it was 1,000 years in the past. 
‘Violent Kaltein was the first to suffer a fatal injury. It was due to an attack from one of the strongest and fiercest of the four riders, War. With only one fight, Kaltein lost almost all of his power.’ 
In-gong remembered Kaltein’s lair. There was evidence of fighting where the language of the indigenous species was carved. 
‘The next one attacked was Watcher Ainkel. But her case was different from Kaltein.’ 
‘Conquest. She was in the fight.’ 
Torres’ voice was filled with emotion, but it wasn’t hatred toward the enemy. 
‘I fought with Ainkel against Conquest and War. It was a fierce battle, but we were finally defeated. I suffered a fatal injury, and Ainkel couldn’t avoid dying. But shortly before dying, Ainkel said something to me. I could also feel it in the course of the fight. 
Conquest didn’t want the destruction of the world. She didn’t want civilization to be erased from the world once again. Conquest mourned the destruction from thousands of years ago.’ 
In-gong’s heart throbbed. The appearance of the white woman, deep in his soul, came to his mind. It felt like when he was fighting the Famine Knight. 
‘The Great Enkidu didn’t believe Ainkel and my words. The Cruel Talia also said that we were misled by the wicked enemies. Just as we want to protect the world, the riders want to bring about the end. It is their instinct.’ 
The record which remained at Thunderdoom Fortress... 
The four riders were going against the six elder dragons. 
‘But I wanted to believe it. No, I had to believe it.’ 
Ainkel had faced Conquest head on. Torres himself felt the Conquest’s sorrow. 
Torres took a deep breath, then he spoke with heavy fatigue, 
‘Soon, there will be a big fight. It is a big fight between the elder dragons and the Four Riders of the Apocalypse. 
I will face Conquest in that fight. And with the soul of Ainkel by my side, I will free Conquest.’ 
That fight had been 1,000 years ago. 
And since that fight, the elder dragons had disappeared from the world. The Great Enkidu abandoned his lair, and the Cruel Talia disappeared. The Guardian Queian faded into the background of history. 
'I will need to risk my life. Maybe I’ll fail, but I think it is worth it.’ 
Torres smiled. That smile was really warm, and it resembled that of Watcher Ainkel’s. 
‘I don’t know what happened later. I am a recorder. Thus, although I know the past and present, it is impossible to get a glimpse of the future which has infinite possibilities. But I will make a prediction.’ 
Torres gazed at the sky as his voice shook the entire world.
‘This record won’t be transmitted to anyone else. But I also hope that it will be transmitted. 
If this record isn’t transmitted, then it means the first fight against the Riders of the Apocalypse ended in our complete victory or our elder dragons were defeated. The fact that this record was passed on means that Conquest was liberated from her fate of ending the world.’ 
Torres looked at In-gong again. However, Torres was no longer a huge dragon. He was now a white haired youth wearing loose robes. 
‘Conquest Knight, the fact that this record was communicated means that the fight didn’t end in either side’s victory. The fight between the Four Riders of the Apocalypse and the elder dragons has been postponed to the future.’ 
That was indeed the case. After a thousand years, the knights who followed the will of the Riders of the Apocalypse had appeared. 
‘Conquest Knight... one who wants to maintain the world, not one who craves the end. Even if the gamble is successful, I don’t know what Conquest’s state will be. Maybe she can’t even communicate properly with you. 
Gather the equipment of the elder dragons. Become a Conquest Knight and Dragon Warrior. The fight in the future won’t be a direct confrontation between the riders and the elder dragons but a fight between the Knights of the Apocalypse and the dragon warriors. If you have the strength of both then you can surpass the other Knights of the Apocalypse.’ 
In-gong could understand this, and he now realized... 
The reason why the equipment of the elder dragons had been conquered as though they had been waiting for him, and the reason why Ainkel’s soul and dragon heart embraced In-gong. 
This was the process of becoming a Conquest Knight and Dragon Warrior. 
‘It is time. This is the last record. Conquest Knight, I pray for your victory. And Conquest, I will be fighting you soon.’ 
Torres stared at In-gong and saw the white woman within In-gong. 
Although it was just a recording and there was no interaction between the two, In-gong could feel Torres’ gaze. The white woman was no different. 
‘I hope you have been freed from your prison. Don’t be sad anymore.’ 
Torres smiled. In-gong felt the emotions of the white woman; sadness and joy flared up violently within him. 
Then the young man disappeared, and beyond the darkness, there was a huge white dragon. 
'I am the Recorder Torres. My record will end here.’ 
Torres turned back and vanished into the darkness. 
However, In-gong was able to see it—Conquest’s memory. She recalled Torres’ end. He had smiled at Conquest until the end. 
Watcher Ainkel and the Recorder Torres... 
They were the ones who had liberated Conquest. 
[The level of Conquest has risen.] 
[The level of Conquest Knight has risen.] 
[Armament has been acquired.] 
[Dragon Warrior Lv1 has been learnt.] 
[Dragon Words Lv1 has been learnt.] 
In-gong closed his eyes and listened to the voice of the white woman from deep in his soul. 
&  
The War Knight looked at a deep hole in the ground. 
It was a place which the species of the Demon World called outside the limit line. 
The area outside the limit line was an abandoned land which used to belong to the indigenous species. 
The War Knight laughed, and it was like the fire of War. 
In front of the War Knight, there was the body of a huge white dragon. It didn’t seem dead, and the War Knight knew its name. 
He had directly witnessed the fight 1,000 years ago. Since that day, the dragon had been a hateful enemy he would never forget. Since the War Knight first awoke again, he had been searching for it. 
The War Knight could feel the emotions of War, and like the red flames, she sang with a violent anger. 
The Recorder Torres, the cursed elder dragon who had corrupted Conquest... For a moment, he had tricked her into being sympathetic toward her enemies. 
Conquest was the leader of the riders. The riders had lost her and scattered. Even now, after they had woken up again, War was separate from Death and Famine. She could only feel them dimly. 
It was a terrible feeling of loss. The biggest sadness was that Conquest was no longer with them. 
Then the War Knight discovered that his apostles had vanished and that the Conquest Knight had intervened. 
The War Knight had been with War for over 1,000 years. Therefore, it was fair to argue that the War Knight was War. 
The Recorder Torres’ soul had died 1,000 years ago on that day. The body before him now was just a shell. 
War caused a huge fire which burnt Torres’ body. The War Knight stared at the flames and went into deep thought. 
Death’s plan was underway. It wouldn’t be long until the separate pieces of the plan that the Death Knight had laid out carefully would come into fruition. 
The War Knight left the hole. 
He stepped beyond the Northern Limit Line toward the land where the Death Knight was located. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 171 - Chapter 34: Gathering
A thousand years ago, there had been a big fight. 
No matter how good the fight was, the result didn’t necessarily benefit them. 
'No, as a matter of fact, it was our defeat.’ 
The Great Enkidu remembered that day. It was an unforgettable day. 
Enkidu had taken down Famine. He had smashed that lowly rat, but Famine wasn’t destroyed. Enkidu succeeded in hitting his essence, but that was all. The rat had lost his power and ran away. 
Guardian Queian had fought against Death, but he hadn’t won either. Both Death and Queian had suffered critical damage. 
The Cruel Talia had struggled as well. If only her opponent hadn’t been the hateful War… She would have won if it had been against Famine or Death. 
However, her opponent had been War. The most brutal one among the four riders had overwhelmed Talias. If the ‘event’ had occurred a little later, Talia would have died. 
The Recorder Torres had caused the incident. So, Enkidu didn’t know what Ainkel’s soul and Torres did. The result was what had been witnessed. 
Conquest and Torres destroyed each other. However, Enkidu, who dealt with the power of destruction, was able to see it. Conquest’s and Torres’ forms of destruction were different in nature. The destruction of Conquest was destruction for renewal. Torres had attempted to break Conquest and let her be reborn again, away from the other riders. 
The idea was absurd, but the plan was partially successful. He didn’t know if Conquest was truly liberated, but it seemed like it. 
‘Silly bastard. Stupid bastard.’ 
The price was too big. Ainkel’s soul, which remained beside Torres, disappeared. Her soul was lost forever. 
Torres’ case was even worse. He had been destroyed. His essence itself was broken and scattered across the world. Queian couldn’t accept Torres’ ruin, but that was just desperation. Torres had died. No, it was more than death. 
After that, it was chaos. 
He fought against the raging War. Death and Queian destroyed each other’s essences. 
Enkidu couldn’t remember the end of the fight clearly. He had been exhausted at the end of a long battle, and when he recovered his spirit, everything was over. 
Then Enkidu realized... 
The Four Riders of the Apocalypse and the elder dragons had been destroyed. Since that day 1,000 years ago, both could no longer exist in the world like they done in the past. 
However, the fight wasn’t finished. It was just delayed. 
Talia had escaped in a weakened state and fallen asleep. Enkidu himself had gone into a deep sleep. 
Queian had said before he fell asleep that after waking up, the fight wouldn’t be a direct confrontation between the Four Riders of the Apocalypse and the elder dragons. 
The ones who would decide the fate of the world would be the four knights selected by the riders and the dragon warriors with the power of the elder dragons. 
Dragon Warrior... 
One who received strength from the elder dragons... 
'I will reproduce the first dragon warrior... Drakon Kechatulla.’ 
These were the last words Queian left behind. 
Drakon Kechatulla 
had been the strongest dragon warrior who preceded the elder dragons, and he had played a decisive role in defeating the Red Dragon of the Apocalypse. 
10,000 years ago, when the red dragon and the older elder dragons had been annihilated, he had died as well. However, his blood was still being transmitted through one species. 
‘Warrior.’ 
A miracle had been born among the humans—an incarnation of the first dragon warrior. 
Enkidu lifted his head to the sky. Everything in the world seemed so far away. 
‘Dragon Warrior.’ 
There wasn’t just one warrior. 
The Conquest Knight was one as well. Thanks to Torres’ sacrifice, Conquest had been reborn in the world and chosen her knight. 
Enkidu recalled the story that the War Knight had said when he appeared before him. 
He remembered the rude provocation of War, who had just woken from a deep sleep. 
What would be the result of the fight? 
The Great Enkidu gazed far away. He looked at the land in the north, beyond the limit line. 
&  
In-gong opened his eyes and saw the white woman alone in the darkness. She was inside In-gong’s head. 
She was a woman with white hair, and her red and blue eyes were gentle. 
In-gong now knew that.... 
She had been destroyed on that day 1,000 years ago and born again. As a result, she escaped from the fate of ending the world. However, it wasn't a complete liberation. She was resisting that will even now. 
Conquest wasn’t complete. The evidence was that she couldn’t converse with In-gong, despite being in the depths of his soul. 
Why was she resisting the end of the world? What made her reject the reason for her existence? 
In-gong looked at the white woman. She smiled and stroked In-gong’s head gently. 
Then In-gong closed his eyes. The white woman’s touch was warm, and he wanted to sleep comfortably under her gaze. 
However, he opened his eyes again. This time, it was in reality, not his consciousness. 
“Oh, Prince. You’re awake?” 
As soon as In-gong opened his eyes, he saw Carack’s face. He had just been looking at the white woman, so In-gong had a gloomy expression on his face. 
"Why isn’t it Felicia or Green Wind? Maybe even Delia or Karma.” 
He would rather see a beauty than Carack as soon as he woke up. 
"Haha, you sound disappointed.” 
Carack clicked his tongue, but he was smiling. In-gong smiled as well and raised his upper body, then he saw that he was in a large room with a stone bed. 
“This is the Dragon Temple. Prince was asleep all day. High Priest said not to worry since it isn’t a big deal, but... are you really okay?” 
Carack looked In-gong up and down. Although his face was still ugly, it was good to see his concern for In-gong. 
“I’m fine. I feel very refreshed.” 
"Then here is some cold water to wake you up.” 
Carack laughed and handed him a glass of cold water. The inside of the Dragon Temple was very cool, unlike the outside which caused one to perspire just from walking a little bit. 
In-gong drank the cold water and looked around slowly. The ring of the Recorder Torres was glowing on his index finger. 
The fourth equipment of an elder dragon... 
The ring was called El Ragra. 
Unlike the other three equipment In-gong had obtained so far, this wasn’t used in direct combat. It was instead a secondary support equipment. 
In-gong stroked the gem on the ring. It felt warm like Conquest’s touch. 
It was at that moment that he heard a voice outside the door. 
"Drakon Kechatulla, the great dragon warrior.” 
It was the voice of the high priest. In-gong nodded and Carack opened the door. 
"High Priest." 
The high priest had appeared exactly when In-gong had awoken. Moreover, there was someone else standing behind him. 
“Shutra!” 
Felicia smiled excitedly as she ran over and shook In-gong’s arm. 
"Hey, hey. This place is really great! It is full of extremely old records! Ah, why have I only come here now? It would have been nice if I’d known of this place earlier.” 
‘Indeed, Felicia.’ 
Although it was an ancient ruin, the Dragon Temple itself was a valuable archive. 
The high priest looked at Felicia like she was a young child and explained with a warm smile,
"Princess has been looking around the Dragon Temple. It seems like she really likes the records room.” 
“Yes, yes, it’s the best. I’ve been there all day, but I want to stay longer.” 
Her voice was dripping with a lingering attachment. In-gong’s mood improved when he saw Felicia’s pleased appearance and then playfulness rose inside him. 
"Huk, what the? So, you left me unattended here all day to go somewhere else? Even though I was unconscious?” 
He gazed at Felicia with disappointment, and she blinked, looking confused and embarrassed. 
“Huh? Ah... no, that...” 
The high priest had said it was okay. In-gong had looked like he’d just be sleeping, and Carack had said he would stay. Delia hadn’t been worried either and thought that seeing the records room would be a good diversion. 
However, Felicia couldn’t babble anything out. As she gazed around and couldn’t figure out what to do, a new voice interrupted. 
"Master. I kept staying beside Master. Isn’t that good?” 
It was Green Wind who had become solid. In-gong stroked Green Wind’s head and said, 
“Yes, you are nice, Greenie.” 
“That’s right. I am nice. Princess is bad.” 
Felicia became more perplexed by Green Wind’s words. She looked so cute that In-gong found it hard to hold back his laughter. 
Carack clicked his tongue. 
"Prince, stop acting like this. And Princess, don’t worry. Prince is just playing.” 
At Carack’s words, Felicia’s eyes widened, and she started hitting In-gong with her fan. In-gong just laughed along with Carack. 
It was a common sight, so In-gong’s party was used to it. Delia, who had accompanied Felicia, coughed and they stopped their game. After releasing Green Wind’s solid state, In-gong faced the high priest. 
The high priest said,
"Dragon Warrior, I’ve prepared a meal. It will recover your strength.” 
It had been a good story. However, instead of accepting the meal, In-gong asked something else. 
"High Priest, there is one thing I want to ask you before that. Do you know about the Dragon Words magic?”
It was something In-gong had acquired after seeing Torres’ memory. 
He had a new secondary occupation of Dragon Warrior... 
And Dragon Words was a skill of that occupation. 
The high priest smiled pleasantly at In-gong’s question and explained, 
"Drakon Kechatulla. Finally, the dragon warrior has returned. I will happily lay the foundations.” 
&  
"Dragon Words is a powerful magic that dragon warriors can use.” 
After the meal, the high priest guided In-gong to a large room with nothing in it and explained in a calm tone. Felicia, Delia and Karma, who could be called the magicians of the party, sat in a corner of the room and gazed at him with excited expressions. 
Carack was also curious about the dragon warrior. 
The high priest continued, 
"Dragon Words is the mysteries created by words. It uses the power of language to create power in the world. There is a famous story that the magic in the Demon World originates from Dragon Words. The power that only dragons could use was re-assembled so that other species could use it.” 
It was a story In-gong had heard in Knight Saga. 
"But magic relies on the strength of the magic power. It is a precise formula that can create miracles. According to the records, the great dragons of the past enjoyed using the newly created magic.” 
In-gong nodded. The few dragons he encountered in Knight Saga had used magic in addition to Dragon Words. 
"Dragon Words can be called raw magic. Compared to the magic that has been refined over many years, it is rugged and simple. But there is one thing that distinguishes it from ordinary magic.” 
Felicia’s eyes shone with curiosity. The high priest spoke slowly, giving Delia time to write it down. 
"Drakon Kechatulla, the dragon warrior, Dragon Words contains your feelings and will. Even if it is the same word, depending on how strong your feelings and willpower are, you can emit a totally different force. Depending on the caster’s thoughts, the form of that power can change as well.” 
In-gong was reminded of Locke’s techniques. 
In Knight Saga, some of the unique spells Locke could use were influenced by his emotions and will. 
The high priest took a big breath and pointed to himself. 
"It is weak but dragon blood also flows through me. Thanks to the knowledge inherited from my ancestors, I can speak a few words.” 
Dragons learnt to use their words naturally, just like birds knew how to use their wings. 
However, those with a dragon’s blood were different. They couldn’t speak the dragon words until they realized they could do it. 
"Dragon Words is close to innate power. Dragon Warrior, you are much closer to a dragon than I am, so you will soon learn the trick.” 
It made a lot of sense. Moreover, In-gong was also the Conquest Knight. So, he was confident that he could learn it. 
"Drakon Kechatulla, I will now teach you Fire Breath, which is the basics of Dragon Words.” 
"Fire Breath?” 
"That's right. As the name suggested, you will pour out a breath of fire. But Dragon Warrior, the name isn’t important because Dragon Words is the expression of power and will. It is important to secure the best image of fire and put your will in it. I will demonstrate once.” 
The high priest grunted, turned in a direction where no one was present and exhaled. At the next moment, he exclaimed in a loud voice, 
"Fire Breath!” 
Shortly after the high priest shouted, a strong breath of fire poured from the high priest’s mouth. 
"Fire Breath is one of the most basic Dragon Words. Fire itself is easy to imagine as it is the power of primitive destruction. It is common to learn Ice Breath or Wind Breath after becoming accustomed to Fire Breath.” 
In-gong nodded silently. He thought he could do it, even though he had only seen it once. 
"Drakon Kechatulla, would you like to try it once? You don’t have to shout Fire Breath. Just form a solid image of fire with a strong will behind it.” 
‘Fire Breath.’ 
There was only one thing left to do. Shutra took a deep breath and opened his mouth slowly, speaking his first Dragon Words. 
&  
"Prince, what is that fire?” 
"Well, it is like it seems.”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 172 - Chapter 34: Gathering #2
"Prince, what is that fire?” 
"Well, it is like it seems.” 
In-gong  responded lightly to Carack’s puzzled question.  
He used Dragon Words directly like the high priest had said. It was possible to use it without speaking words, since it was transformed and reinforced through the will and emotions of the user. 
'In short, it does what I want.’ 
He realized why the dragons continued using magic despite the Dragon Words. Dragon Words was a tough and crude power. It was more convenient to use magic for various purposes. 
‘But...’ 
It was definitely strong. Moreover, it was easy to use during close combat because it moved through his will. 
‘It goes along with Dragon Style. No, I feel like I’ve come to know the true use of Dragon Style.’ 
If Dragon Words was putting will and emotion into magic, Dragon Style was putting will and emotion into aura. 
That’s why he became aware. His understanding of aura had become stronger. 
In-gong looked at his status window for a while before investing most of his remaining skill points into Dragon Words. 
Dragon Words Lv4... 
Although it was lower than the level of aura, which was close to 10, In-gong’s main strength was aura, not magic. Furthermore, Dragon Words was a higher concept of magic. So, Lv4 wasn’t that low. 
"Okay." 
In-gong nodded lightly and used Ice Breath and Wind Breath. 
It was almost the same as Fire Breath, and it wasn’t difficult because the level of Dragon Words was now higher. 
The high priest’s eyes widened as In-gong used two more types of Dragon Words after succeeding in Fire Breath. He forgot the majesty of his position as high priest as he smiled with admiration and confusion. 
“Indeed, Drakon Kechatulla... you acquired Dragon Words so quickly. You are truly blessed.” 
The situation was similar to how it had been with Fire Breath, but Ice Breath and Wind Breath were different. The high priest had told In-gong of their existence but never taught them. 
“A scam.” 
Felicia spoke like had she witnessed something absurd, but she was smiling. It was a very proud expression. 
She laughed while covering her face with her fan and then spoke in a coy voice, 
“High Priest, Dragon Words isn’t the only thing that Shutra can do. Do you know he can shoot Dragon Breath?” 
"D-Dragon Breath?!” 
The high priest was dumbfounded. Despite his majestic atmosphere, he was impressed like a child would be. 
"Yes, he can also use Dragon Fear.” 
Felicia added and the eyes of the high priest shook. He breathed deeply before looking back at In-gong. Then the high priest gulped and asked, 
“D-Don’t tell me... Drakon Kechatulla, are you actually a dragon?” 
That would explain why he had learnt Dragon Words so easily. 
Felicia laughed. 
“High Priest, that isn’t possible. Shutra is a gandharva. Well, it is true that he is amazing.” 
If Chris were there, he would be asking, ‘Why is Noonim acting so proud?’ Unfortunately, he wasn’t in the Dragon Temple but in the far north of the Demon World. 
Carack laughed instead of saying something, while Delia, Felicia’s aide, was happy and had no intention of stopping it. 
In the end, In-gong coughed with embarrassment and told the high priest, 
"High Priest, I am a gandharva. Also... can I learn the rest?” 
“I understand. I will do so.” 
The high priest replied and enthusiastically demonstrated more dragon words. 
&   
It had been one month since In-gong’s group arrived at the Dragon Temple. 
In the heart of the temple, surrounded by a large collection of books, In-gong closed his eyes and concentrated. 
He had learnt six Dragon Words in the past month. Although he had learnt them instantly, he needed time to master them. 
This was his first long vacation since opening his eyes in this world. He had never stayed more than one month in one place because he had always been wandering around here and there. 
Of course, it wasn't really a vacation. For this month, In-gong didn’t just train in Dragon Words but all his techniques: 
Aura; magic power; divine power; and psychic power. 
Compared to the previous two, psychic and divine powers were lacking, but everything still had room for a lot of improvement. 
In-gong took a long breath to calm his impatience and thought about something else. 
‘Warrior Locke.’ 
He was obviously a dragon warrior, the Drakon Kechatulla raised by Guardian Queian. 
‘I wonder if he is an ally.’ 
In Knight Saga, Locke had been an enemy of the Demon World. Most of Zephyr’s subordinates had died at Locke’s hands. It had also been Locke who had taken Vandal’s life. 
However, he had never attacked first. It had just been a fight against the Demon World’s invasion. 
‘It would be best if he became an ally.’ 
Locke was strong. He was the owner of a unique SS rank weapon and SS technique. So, it would be reassuring if he was on the same side. 
However, the future of having him as ally wasn’t certain. After all, In-gong himself was a prince of the Demon World. 
It was unknown if Locke, a patriotic warrior of the Human World, would cooperate with him. 
‘I have to take advantage of my training in this temple.’ 
Locke’s adventure in Knight Saga had started in the Summer of Year 514. There was more than a year left until Locke would leave for his adventure. 
In-gong focused his consciousness on his dragon heart. Ainkel’s magic power was warm. 
‘Locke is the Dragon Warrior. Then what is Zephyr?’ 
Zephyr was a dragon humanoid, but that was because he was a draconian. He wasn’t a dragon warrior. 
Zephyr Ragnaros... 
He was already special. He was recognized as the strongest royal child of the Demon King’s Palace and led one of the three major factions. 
However, it was the same in Knight Saga. In Knight Saga, he was the worst prince in the Demon World. 
Warrior Locke wouldn’t be exactly the same as he was in Knight Saga, but he was still a dragon warrior and the enemy of the Four Knights of the Apocalypse. 
If so, wouldn’t there be something about Zephyr? Did he have any connection with the Four Knights and the Four Riders of the Apocalypse who were longing for the end of the world? 
In fact, it was an unfolded speculation. 
This world wasn’t exactly the same as Knight Saga. The surface history and personal history of the characters were almost the same, but it was up to there. 
Many things had changed since In-gong first opened his eyes in this world. The Four Knights of the Apocalypse, who hadn’t appeared in Knight Saga, were causing incidents in various places. 
Although Zephyr was the main character of the Demon World in Knight Saga, that didn’t mean he had a connection with the Four Knights of the Apocalypse. 
However, why? Something told In-gong that there was a connection, and his intuition was good. 
'It is unfounded.’ 
Zephyr was already an enemy. So, it was an honest speculation to add something else. 
In-gong shook his head slightly. Then at that moment, he heard a voice from behind him. 
“Shutra! Really, is concentrating on training all you need to do today?” 
It was Felicia. 
Her temple outfit was a little more comfortable today. Not only were there coloured jewels shining from the gold ornaments, but she was also wearing a headdress made of large bird feathers. 
In-gong instantly checked the clock at the corner of the mini-map. 
"There is still a lot of time left. It isn’t a good thing to become older.” 
Today was the last day of Year 512. In a few hours, it would be Year 513. 
In the Demon King’s Palace, he would become older every time his birthday passed. However, the Demon World had various species, and not everyone counted their age the same way. There were a few species who increased their age by one year at the beginning of each year, and the dark elves were one of these species. 
Felicia narrowed her eyes as she stared at In-gong. 
"Uh, what? A 14-year-old is complaining about getting older?” 
Felicia wanted to grow up quickly. 
In-gong nodded at Felicia’s words.
"Isn’t Noona the same?” 
"I’m not.” 
“Then what?” 
Felicia responded with a coy smile. 
"Shutra, Noona is only 18 years old. I still have a long time to go before I am afraid of getting older. So, stop training and get ready quickly. The high priest is conducting a ceremony to celebrate the new year. This is the duty of the royal family.” 
For dark elves who lived for hundreds of years, 18 years old was a young age. 
“Yes, yes. I understand.” 
In-gong replied playfully, no longer discussing a woman’s age. 
The new year celebrations were held outdoors. The lizardmen priests had built an altar in front of the entrance of the Dragon Temple and lit a large fire. The flames seemed so bright that it was like another moon had emerged. 
The priests moved around the altar. The high priest stood before the great fire and poured Dragon Words toward the sky—a blessing. 
The priests sang along to the words of the blessing. It was a sacred hymn filled with divine power. 
Magic power and divine power tangled together and danced into the night sky, becoming a light shining among the stars. 
The light grew, and in accordance with the great cry of the high priest, it divided into hundreds and embellished the night sky. It was like a spectacular fireworks display. 
Felicia blushed as she stared delightedly at the colourful feast of light. In-gong, who was equally impressed, turned his head and looked at Felicia. 
It had been barely six months since they had first met. 
However, they had been together quite a lot. He had been together with her since their first meeting during the Red Lightning tribe mission. 
In-gong remembered that first moment he encountered Felicia. He had used his body to defend her from a fire arrow cast by an orc magician. 
‘I hadn’t been thinking at the time.’ 
Thanks to this, his relationship with Felicia had deepened. 
In-gong closed his eyes for a moment, then something popped into his head. It was the Felicia’s death which he had seen in Knight Saga. 
He felt horrible just imagining it, and his breathing became rough. 
“Shutra?” 
Felicia's gaze turned to In-gong. Her eyes were asking why he was acting like this, but she was still smiling. 
In-gong just laughed. The horrible sight in his head cleared as he said,
"Noona, I’ll protect you.” 
‘No matter what happens, and by all means.’ 
Felicia blinked at In-gong’s words, then she opened her fan. 
"What are you saying all of a sudden?” 
However, her voice was very pleased. She fanned herself a few times before shrugging. 
“Although... good. You are reliable. Why am I feeling so relieved?” 
Felicia smiled widely behind the fan before quickly correcting her expression. Instead of saying anything more, In-gong laughed and looked up at the night sky. 
&  
The Year 513 began... 
And the Demon World side of Knight Saga had begun. 
After spending 10 more days at the Dragon Temple, In-gong headed to the 12th base because Anastasia had called him. 
While In-gong spent more than a month at the Dragon Temple, Anastasia and Victor had recaptured most of the western and northern parts of Curtis. 
The morale of the rebels was very low. The rebellion had turned over the moment the Paran clan rejoined the Demon King’s Palace. 
As expected, the western barbarian king, Actius, had chosen to escape, instead of fighting. He returned to beyond the limit line as fast as the wind. Actius’ rapid departure destroyed the morale of the rebels completely, and they were on the verge of collapse. 
In the case of the central fortress battle, Actius could be called the secret to suppressing the rebels. 
Of course, among the rebels, there were still those crying for war. It was difficult for them to survive even if they surrendered. 
Post-battle work included disposal of the ones who surrendered and suppressing the remaining rebels. 
All of these were mixed up, and there wasn’t enough time in a month. It would need a few more months to completely clear up the situation in Curtis. 
In the midst of this, Anastasia had called In-gong and Felicia, but it wasn’t for a task. 
“There is a command to return to the Demon King’s Palace. We can’t postpone a direct report about this uprising any longer.” 
As soon as the cleaning up of the Red Lightning tribe was over, he had returned to the Demon King’s Palace. So, this situation wasn’t much different. 
Anastasia, who he hadn’t seen in a while, was still graceful, but there was fatigue in her voice which she couldn’t hide. 
Felicia gazed at Anastasia with anxious eyes and asked, 
"By the way Unni, are the transportation formations restored yet?” 
"Not yet. So, Silvan is coming in his flying ship. He will arrive in two days.” 
If Silvan was coming with a flying ship, that meant it could only be the Black Flame Dragon. He had filled it up with crew members at the territory of the dark elves. 
Anastasia smiled while Felicia’s face turned red. There seemed to be an envious edge to her smile. 
"Victor orabeoni will stay in Curtis to stabilize the situation. This time, only the three of us will return to the Demon King’s Palace.” 
There were a few reasons for Victor to stay behind, but In-gong didn’t ask. He could guess the reasons to a certain extent. 
Two days later, the Black Flame Dragon with Silvan on board arrived at the 12th base. 
&  
“Felicia! Your dear Oppa is here! Won’t you kiss me on the cheek? Two or three times will be good!” 
"Ah, come on!”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 173 - Chapter 34: Gathering #3
“Fe-li-ci-a!” 
As soon as they boarded the Black Flame Dragon which had settled at the 12th base, they encountered Silvan’s excited face. 
Silvan showed a remarkable speed, even by In-gong’s standards, as he hugged Felicia and turned her round and round. 
“Felicia! Your dear Oppa is here! Won’t you kiss me on the cheek? Two or three times will be good!” 
"Ah, come on!” 
Felicia tried to push Silvan away, but it didn’t work. 
Felicia, who was blushing from embarrassment, suddenly made a complicated expression before turning and kissing Silvan’s cheek. 
It was a brief one. 
That was it, but the effect was amazing. 
"Heok? F-Felicia really kissed me!” 
Silvan was embarrassed, despite asking for the kiss, and didn’t know what to do. Felicia grinned at his overwhelmed appearance and kissed Silvan’s cheek again. 
“Okay, are you satisfied now?” 
Silvan blinked in shock at Felicia’s question. It wasn’t the normal flow which occurred around Silvan and Felicia. 
"A-are you sick? Is this a gift for the new year?” 
Silvan asked with sincere worry, and Felicia just laughed. 
“It’s not like that. It’s just that sometimes, I think it’s good to do this.” 
Despite everything, she only had one brother. 
Moreover, it must never be said again, but she had been worried. 
Felicia never forgot about Silvan. When she thought about what had happened on that day, she could kiss his cheeks a few more times. 
"Please stay healthy in the future. That is the best gift for me.” 
“F-Felicia.” 
Silvan was moved to tears, and Felicia smiled as she touched his cheeks. 
Then Anastasia, who had been staring at the two of them, let out a long sigh. 
"This is embarrassing to watch. You two, there are other people on the ship...” 
Anastasia’s cheeks were red from embarrassment. 
As Felicia became aware that she and Silvan were not alone, she hurriedly pushed him aside. This time, Silvan released Felicia instead of holding onto her tightly. 
“Anastasia noonim.” 
“Silvan.” 
As Silvan and Anastasia exchanged greetings, Felicia spread her fan and covered her face. 
"Well, the ‘two people’ have changed now, with Silvan still being one of them.” 
She muttered in a small voice, but there was no one listening. 
In-gong laughed at the festive atmosphere and approached Silvan. 
“It is good to see you, Hyung. Is your body okay?” 
"Thanks to you, it was very good.” 
Silvan was still wearing an eyepatch over his right eye. It wasn’t for sealing the fairy like before, but for camouflage. If he stopped wearing it suddenly, people would be suspicious. The existence of the fairy itself had been a secret. 
As he shook hands with In-gong, Silvan wriggled his eyebrows up and down. 
"Hmm, the atmosphere with Anastasia noonim isn’t bad.” 
"Yes.” 
It was definitely a much better atmosphere than at Baikal’s tea party. Anastasia had been angry at the transfer of Felicia and Silvan, making her quite hostile toward Shutra. 
“Shutra is truly amazing.” 
Silvan mumbled before dragging In-gong into a hug. It seemed like Silvan quite liked showing affection. 
"Silvan, I’m sorry to say this as soon as you arrived, but can we head back straight away?” 
Anastasia asked Sepira, who was standing behind Silvan and shaking her head with embarrassment. 
"Noonim, it is difficult no matter how I look at it. My crew needs some time to rest. We can depart in a few hours. This is better for safe piloting.” 
Originally, Silvan would’ve entered Anastasia’s faction with Felicia. Therefore, his relationship with Anastasia was quite good. 
“Then it can’t be helped.” 
Anastasia backed down without any stubborness. Waiting a couple of hours wouldn’t make a huge difference. 
It was at this moment that there was a voice in In-gong’s head. 
‘Shutra, can I share information with Anastasia noonim? It is news about our other brothers and sisters.’ 
In-gong coughed with a surprised expression. He heard a voice in his head, indicating it was message magic. 
‘Silvan hyung, have you learnt message magic?’ 
Due to fear of the fairy running wild, Silvan had lived by building a wall around magic, not using it at all. So, he was someone who couldn’t even use basic magic. 
Yet he had just used message magic. It had only been two months, so it was indeed amazing. 
‘Huhu... Shutra, it is natural. Now, I am a magic swordsman... a magic swordsman from the heavens.’ 
His face was so handsome that he gave off a charming atmosphere despite his words. 
In-gong coughed again and barely managed to control his expression, focusing his mind on answering the first question. 
Sharing simple information with Anastasia... 
That wasn’t a bad thing to do. At first glance, Silvan seemed like the kind to not think about anything, but ultimately, he was still a prince of the Demon King’s Palace. If he hadn’t intended to share information with Anastasia, he wouldn’t have said anything in the first place. 
‘I think it should be fine. I believe that Hyung will filter any important information.’ 
‘Thank you for believing in me.’ 
Silvan thanked In-gong with his eyes before looking at Felicia and Anastasia. He had been looking at In-gong silently for a long time, so both Felicia and Anastasia wondered what Silvan would say. 
Silvan shrugged and said in a pleasant tone, 
"This time, I came to pick up the three of you because I got a return order.” 
"Silvan as well?” 
Anastasia asked with a frown. It was the first time she had heard of this. 
Anastasia, In-gong, and Felicia were to return to the Demon King’s Palace to report on the rebellion in Curtis. 
In other words, there was a reason to receive a return command. 
However, why had Silvan received a separate return command? 
Felicia thought it was strange as well. The separate commands weren’t just for moving the party to the Demon King’s Palace. 
Silvan’s eyes shone with satisfaction from their reactions. 
"It isn’t just me. Chris and Caitlin received the command to return.” 
"The two of them as well?” 
"Yes, the two of them.” 
Silvan responded lightly to Felicia’s question before looking at Anastasia, who narrowed her eyes. Then she opened her mouth after some slight hesitation, 
"Silvan, was Baikal orabeoni also asked to return to the Demon King’s Palace?” 
Six of the nine royal children had been ordered to return. With the exception of Victor, who had a definite reason to remain in Curtis, it was natural to ask if Baikal and Zephyr would return as well. 
However, Anastasia couldn’t hide the expectations in her voice. Silvan shrugged and replied, 
"Noonim, I’m sorry, but I know that Baikal hyung-nim doesn’t have a return order. There is a rumour that Baikal hyung-nim and Zephyr hyung-nim will soon receive a relocation order.” 
"Relocation?" 
“It seems like they don’t have to go that far. If they had to move to a distant place, then it would be better to go through the Demon King’s Palace.” 
The Demon King’s Palace was connected to all the major parts of the Demon World through the transportation formations. If they were moving to a place other than the north, it would be much faster and more efficient to pass through the Demon King’s Palace. 
“Uhh... doesn’t the flow seem similar to the last time?” 
Felicia frowned and asked. It was similar to the court gathering where all the children of the demon king had gathered together. 
In-gong had a similar idea. 
Anastasia nodded as well. 
"Maybe... they are trying to position all the children of the demon in the north. That would explain why a return order hasn’t been issued to Baikal orabeoni.” 
It would be faster to move from the north to somewhere else within the north, rather than going through the Demon King’s Palace. 
Felicia bit her lip and turned toward Anastasia. 
“Unni, are you talking about the Aegis Gate?” 
"If all the children of the demon king were being sent to one place, it would be there.” 
Anastasia’s voice and expression became overcast. 
At that moment...
"Master, what is the Aegis Gate?” 
Green Wind appeared in reality and asked In-gong. Felicia had already become accustomed to Green Wind’s intrusions, but Silvan and Anastasia weren’t. 
Silvan stared at Green Wind with curiosity, while Anastasia replied in an elegant voice,
"It is the absolute line of defense in the north of the Demon World.” 
"Absolute line of defense?" 
Green Wind looked back at In-gong. Instead of answering, In-gong turned Green Wind back in Anastasia’s direction. He was going to leave the explanation to Anastasia. 
Anastasia smiled like she liked Green Wind and added, 
"The Demon World is incredibly huge. Due to that, the area that we call the north is quite vast.” 
Baikal and Zephyr were active in the north, and Enger Plains, which could be called Green Wind’s hometown, also belonged to the north. 
"Silvan, can you show me a map?” 
"Of course.” 
The crew members immediately responded to Silvan’s command to bring a large map. It was a map of the Demon World. 
"The Aegis Gate is the northernmost area of the north. It is the region with the most battles.” 
Anastasia pointed to the very top of the map. 
Felicia subsequently said, 
"Green Wind, the limit line near the area where Unni is pointing is special. The strength of the barbarians and creatures there is superior, and their numbers are enormous. Aegis Gate is the name of the fortress which was built to stop the enemies in the north.” 
Aegis Gate was an absolute line of defense. 
Anastasia opened her mouth again and said briefly,
“500,000.” 
“500,000?” 
Green Wind’s eyes widened. Then Anastasia responded, 
 “That is the number of barbarians who passed away during the Great Invasion 12 years ago. Abamama... at that time, the demon king headed to the north himself.” 
The scale was completely different from the west and the east. Green Wind had spent almost all her life at Enger Plains, so she was shocked at the number. 
Felicia added,
"The attacks of the creatures couldn’t be ignored. Apart from the barbarians, the creatures also caused a considerable headache. There are some incredibly strong or huge monsters which can be considered an army on their own.” 
It was the same in Knight Saga. If other regions were in normal mode, the vicinity of the Aegis Gate was hell mode. 
"Master, do we have to go to such a place?” 
Green Wind asked in a voice which was filled with concern. She disliked the thought of In-gong being in danger. 
In-gong stroked Green Wind’s head and said, 
"The Demon King’s Palace pays careful attention to the Aegis Gate. Isn’t it called the absolute line of defense? It is as the name suggests. It is a place where the captains are often present.” 
One of the reasons why the Demon King’s Palace couldn’t dispatch the five army captains everywhere was the presence of the Aegis Gate. 
The four commanders, except for Reinhardt who served as the demon king’s guard, usually served at the Aegis Gate for a quarter of the year. 
"Ohh, I wonder if there are signs of an invasion?” 
“I don’t know.” 
Silvan stroked Felicia’s head with an expression of regret. Once again, Felicia showed no signs of pushing him off. 
Anastasia folded her arms and said, 
"Even if there isn’t a big invasion, it is a place where big and small battles never end. The group attacking all over the Demon World may be aiming for the Aegis Gate this time.” 
The Death Knight and the War Knight... 
In-gong agreed that the possibility was high. However, at that very moment, Green Wind blocked In-gong’s mouth with her hand. 
"Master, don’t say it. Master’s words have a strong effect, so you definitely shouldn’t mention it.” 
In-gong couldn’t help laughing at her desperate voice. Felicia shrugged and responded, 
"Yes. Isn’t that quite plausible?” 
The heavy atmosphere lightened to a certain extent. Then Anastasia let out a large sigh and said, 
"I have received one piece of information.” 
“Unni?” 
Anastasia leaned back against a wall before replying lightly,
"There is a rumour that Altesia, the saintess of the Erebos Church, will soon be in the north.” 
"The saintess of the Erebos Church?” 
Erebos, god of the night and darkness, was the god of the most powerful religion in the Demon World. 
Silvan patted Felicia’s head again. 
"Felicia, don't worry. Oppa thinks that Felicia is much more beautiful than the saintess." 
"Oh, come on! That isn’t the point!” 
Felicia pushed Silvan’s hand away and said to Anastasia, 
"If the Dark Saintess is moving, then the Knights of Erebos are also moving. Is something really happening in the north?” 
It really seemed to be true. Anastasia replied with a frown, 
"For now, it seems to be a sick visit. They are moving around with making any noise and are visiting several places.” 
There were believers of the Erebos religion everywhere in the Demon World. They couldn’t ignore the possibility that the visit to the north was simply to console those who were ill. 
"Orc, what do you think?” 
After hearing Felicia and Anastasia’s conversation, Green Wind suddenly directed a question to Carack. Carack’s eyes widened at the sudden question while Anastasia cocked her head. 
Felicia saw Anastasia’s reaction and quickly opened her mouth, 
"It is worth listening to Carack’s opinion.” 
Anastasia made a strange sound. Felicia was familiar with Carack, since she had been together with him for a long time. However, Anastasia felt uncomfortable at the fact that he was an aide as well as an orc. 
Despite this, Felicia’s intervention sparked curiosity, rather than displeasure, in Anastasia. 
As Felicia sighed in relief, Carack pondered for a moment before saying, 
“Hrmm, I can only think about Prince’s position. So, for now, I don’t think Prince should be worried about the situation in the north.” 
“Then?” 
It was a fairly fresh opinion, so all eyes focused on him. Carack shrugged and replied,
"We are returning to the Demon King’s Palace. There will also be a court gathering. I am more worried about what will happen there.” 
There had never been a court gathering which passed quietly. The previous court gathering, which had been the quietest one, was an unexpected event with the visit of the 3rd and 4th queens. 
“Yes. Indeed, Carack, your words are correct.” 
Felicia smiled and nodded, and for some reason, Anastasia agreed. 
"Indeed, Disturbance Shutra is famous. It is the new specialty of the Demon King’s Palace. Hrm, I am full of expectations now.” 
Until now, she had been watching from a distance. There was a slight difference between then and now. 
"Well, we will all know once we return to the Demon King’s Palace.” 
In-gong ended the conversation easily, and everyone nodded. In particular, Silvan clapped and exclaimed in a loud voice as he looked up at the sails of the Black Flame Dragon. 
“Now, lift up the anchor and spread the sails! It is time to move to the Demon King’s Palace!” 
He shouted nicely, but the Black Flame Dragon didn’t move. In the silence, Sepira muttered in a small and embarrassed voice, 
"Your Highness, the departure time is in two hours.” 
Silvan had set it himself. 
After a moment of silence, Anastasia smiled, while everyone else burst out laughing. 
&  
The sunshine was dazzling. 
After escaping from the caves which were a buffer zone between the Human World and Demon World, the youth smiled as he saw sunlight for the first time in a week. 
The young man wasn’t handsome. Rather, he was more on the plain side. However, there was something about him which caught one’s eye. It was a type of charisma he had been born with. 
He had blackish brown hair and sky-blue eyes. 
His face was one which showed his youth. Maybe it was more appropriate to call him a boy, instead of a young man. 
He wore armour made of dragon scales and held a sword filled with divine power. Accompanying him, there was also a beautiful young girl and a middle-aged man with complicated expressions on their faces. Fatigue, relief, fear, and curiosity about the unknown were displayed openly on their faces. 
The Saintess Beatrice and Mercenary King Carlov... 
They were heroes of the Human World and experts in their respective fields. 
The young man looked back to the front, then he took a deep breath and smiled. 
"Now, is it the Demon World from here on out?” 
Warrior Locke—
The Drakon Kechatulla who had been raised by Guardian Queian...  
He had reached the Demon World. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 174 - Chapter 35: Battle
The wind blowing from the limit line was cold and dry. 
However, those on the battlefield didn’t feel that cold. A much colder and ruthless breath swept through the battlefield. 
Chwaaaaah!
The ice-filled dragon breath poured down from the sky. Even a zombie drake wouldn’t be able to resist a direct hit from it. The air around them froze and shattered into pieces. 
The sight of 20 zombie drakes being frozen and destroyed in an instant was truly spectacular. The Dragon Breath spread out in a fan shape to cover dozens of meters on both ends. 
It was like a natural disaster. The aftermath of the cold air influenced the atmosphere on the ground, and the cold air seemed to turn their blood cold. 
The owner of the breath was the ice dragon, Quanta. She was an evil dragon in the vicinity of the Northern Limit Line. 
Covered with blue scales, she burned with a violent anger. It wasn’t just anger at those who dared to challenge her; the anger contained an impatience and anxiousness which couldn’t be concealed. 
"A breath was shot out! Bypass!” 
A soldier outside the range of Dragon Breath shouted. As an orc and junior general, he couldn’t even dream of being a match against a dragon. However, he was now facing a dragon, and he wasn’t alone. There was a leader! 
Brig, the junior orc general, sped up on his boar as he stared at Quanta. Following him, there were dozens of soldiers with crossbows. 
Papapapapak!
There was the sound of arrows penetrating the cold air, but it was unreasonable to pierce a dragon’s scales with crossbow bolts. The difference in size was too big. Brig knew that, but it wasn’t useless. 
"Pay attention and disperse! Bother it!” 
The soldiers fired the crossbows again. It was the same with the units deployed on the other side. 300 cavalry members fired crossbows in different directions, filling the sky with arrows. 
The ice dragon, Quanta, felt annoyed. She flapped her wings and used Dragon Words, scattering the arrows with a strong gust of wind, while a rain of icicles fell onto the cavalry. 
Screams burst out as one group of the cavalry was practically wiped out. However, Brig smiled despite his fear. He looked at a place above Quanta’s head. 
Kwa kwang!
A huge explosion occurred above Quanta. It was the power of the energy shots fired by the wyvern strike force. 
Quanta, who had been attacking the cavalry on the ground, couldn’t escape the energy shots, and the explosion on her back pushed her down to the ground. 
The length from her head to tail ran for hundreds of meters, and her weight was also terrifically heavy. The earth shook when Quanta fell, and the frozen ground cracked and broke. 
"Trivial things-!" 
Quanta burst out. The cavalry with a relatively close proximity to her couldn’t withstand the fear and collapsed. 
However, there were those who weren’t affected. The wyvern strike force once again used the energy shots, and there was a deafening roar as the explosions covered Quanta’s head. Smoke emerged and disturbed the soldiers’ view of Quanta. 
"Noohm!" 
"Aim for the throat!" 
The cries of Quanta and the intermediate general Paragra rang out at the same time. On the left and right sides of Quanta, several huge harpoons were fired. They were terrible objects with a length of seven meters. 
The harpoons were trump cards which had been hidden before the battle began. Quanta instinctively felt a sense of urgency and cast a defensive spell using Dragon Words, but it was useless. The army had no intention of piercing Quanta’s scales in the first place. 
"Curve!” 
The soldiers instantly used Telekinesis. The harpoons, which had been flying in a straight line, changed course around Quanta’s neck. They circled Quanta’s neck repeatedly, trapping her neck with the thick chains at the ends of the harpoons. 
Quanta was confused. The demon king’s army hadn’t broken, and Paragra, who was also a powerful magician, commanded the magicians to cast their spells. 20 magicians aimed spells at the chains. 
“Kuaack!” 
Quanta screamed as chains coiled around her neck, and there was now a different magic running along those chains. 
The combination of water-based magic and lightning magic created a powerful synergy. There were curse magic, to lower Quanta’s magic resistance, and amplification spells, to amplify all the magic. Even the ice dragon, Quanta, couldn’t hold out against all of this. 
Quanta shrieked. In the meantime, new chains were wrapping around her neck. 
"Pull!" 
There was no magic in the new chains, but frost giants were holding the ends of these new chains, and all of them were undead. 
The frost giants, who had been in hiding previously, rose up at the same time and pulled the chains with tremendous strength. Quanta screamed as her head was forced to the ground.
The wyverns fired their energy shots again. Their purpose was to prevent Quanta from using magic by distracting her. 
However, Dragon Words was different from normal magic. 
Quanta’s scream soon became magic, and the violent spell Dragon Words created surrounded the chains with a strong chill which was Quanta’s very essence. Just as the magic of the soldiers reached Quanta, her cold was also running along the chains! 
The frost giants, holding the ends of the chains, froze in an instant. The magicians casting a different type of magic suffered considerable damage as well. It was an expected attack, so they rushed to avoid it, but almost half the people were swept away by the cold. 
However, that didn’t stop the army. The ballistas used for destroying gates and giant monsters hit Quanta’s back. Attacks were aimed at her body constantly.
Quanta felt a sense of crisis. She couldn’t determine the number of soldiers from the demon king’s army, nor did she have any idea of how much preparation had been put into this battle. 
However, she knew it had been a planned encounter, and that she needed to escape. 
Quanta’s body trembled as that thought popped into her head. She couldn’t bear the shame and anger... 
However, she had to run away. Despite being battered by attacks, Quanta focused her mind. She used Dragon Words to change her appearance, and her body shrank by hundreds of meters as she became a gandharva female with blue hair. This was the usual appearance that Quanta enjoyed. 
The chains which had been wrapped tightly around Quanta’s neck loosened instantly. The attacks simply hit the ground with the loss of their target. 
Quanta gasped for breath and prepared to use a spell to fly into the sky. 
Then at that moment... 
Someone approached her through the bombardment. Quanta felt his presence when the distance between them was less than 10 meters. That was how fast his movements were. 
"Ka! Ramus!” 
The person moved forward boldly. It was the roar of Dragon Style. 
Quanta had shrunk. Her blue eyes saw a red man, with red hair and eyes, and a sword in his hands. Even though she was currently in the form of a gandharva, he was using Dragon Style to try and defeat a dragon. 
She knew it the moment she saw this man. 
This person... He had planned all of this. He had used the army to push Quanta into a situation where she needed to transform into a gandharva. 
It had been for the purpose of  reducing her size so he could attack her! 
Quanta pulled out a sword like lightning from the air. It was a sword created from her teeth. However, the man in front of her—Zephyr, who was called the strongest magic swordsman—was faster. 
He raised his sword instantly and blocked Quanta’s. It wasn’t a simple sword. Quanta was able to tell the moment their swords collided. The common power of a draconian wouldn’t be able to win. 
Quanta reinforced her muscles using aura, while her body was strengthened by magic. There was also the addition of Telekinesis! 
As she moved her arm which held the sword, Zephyr didn’t slow down and wielded his sword in rapid succession. Quanta’s sword-holding hand was cut off and thrown into the air. 
Quanta shrieked as blood spurted out like a fountain from her arm. Her blood had a sweet scent, but that was because she had shifted to a gandharva. 
She went on to try casting several spells at the same time. Her scream was filled with enchantment magic. It was powerful enough to force the one wielding his sword at Quanta to put his sword down and beg for forgiveness. 
Quanta would buy some time with this enchantment. Then she would transform into something more warlike, instead of a gandharva. 
However, all of this was just a wish. Her opponent wasn’t enchanted. Zephyr must have a mental resistance beyond imagination as his expression didn’t even change. 
Zephyr’s left hand dug into Quanta’s abdomen. His uniquely sharp draconian nails ripped through Quanta’s abdomen easily. 
Quanta wasn’t used to feeling pain. She screamed once again, but this time it wasn’t Dragon Words. 
Zephyr exploded the aura in his left hand and wounded Quanta’s insides. He didn’t forget to use the various curse scrolls hidden in his magic pockets. Once Zephyr pulled out his left hand from her abdomen, cursed blood poured out. 
Zephyr didn’t stop there. As he pulled out his left hand, he swung his sword and cut Quanta’s neck. He deliberately used enough strength to only make her bleed. 
“Cough!” 
Quanta covered the wound on her neck with her one remaining hand. Now, she couldn’t even scream, so Zephyr was satisfied. After the consecutive strikes, he pushed off against the ground and did a sharp spinning kick. 
Quanta couldn’t endure it. The world seemed to be turning upside down, and her back soon struck the ground. 
As Quanta squirmed on the ground, Zephyr’s knee held her down. He broke her ribs instantly and pressed against her heart. 
Zephyr then used Telekinesis to strike Quanta’s hand which was covering the wound on her neck. He put away his sword and grabbed Quanta’s neck with his right hand, whispering as he poured magic power into her. 
“This is going to be painful. But don’t give in too quickly. If you can’t endure this much, you won’t be worthy of being my subordinate.” 
Quanta’s eyes widened. What was he talking about right now? Become his subordinate? She who had reigned over the earth for 700 years like a god? 
She couldn’t say it. The miserable scream in her throat was suppressed before it could emerge. 
In the meantime, Zephyr continued his work. A spell of obedience was spoke at the same time as he used Telekinesis. The seven swords Zephyr carried on his back flew into the air and fastened her arms, legs, abdomen, and the rest of her body to the ground. The different elemental spells, which had been stored in advance into the swords, tormented Quanta. 
It was a gruesome attack which would have killed an ordinary gandharva dozens of times over already, but Quanta was a dragon. So, she didn’t die. She just felt tremendous pain which made her feel like she was dying. 
The soldiers of the demon king’s army watched as Zephyr overpowered Quanta. Most of them had grown up on these lands, so they knew about Quanta. She was famous for her strength and being a disaster from the sky. 
Yet that Quanta was now being suppressed. 
Everyone was overwhelmed by Zephyr. They admired him and understood why he was called the most powerful prince of the Demon King’s Palace. 
There was also someone who was thrilled in a manner different to the soldiers. 
War... 
One of the Four Riders of the Apocalypse. 
She watched Zephyr through the eyes of a warrior. The amount of darkness inside Zephyr was enough to cause her pleasure. 
War had seen everything. Zephyr had used his soldiers to hunt Quanta. 
He showed a precise and thorough insight. Aside from his individual strength, he was also perfectly capable of commanding soldiers. 
It was attractive. Then War came to a conclusion. 
That was Zephyr Ragnaros... 
The 2nd Prince of the Demon King’s Palace, the most powerful prince. 
Both his soul and body were tough. War now understood why Death was paying attention to him. 
‘It is more than enough. That man can do it.’ 
War shook with pleasure once again. She was in just as much awe as the soldiers while she watched Zephyr make Quanta submit to him. 
At that moment, one of the swords stuck in Quanta’s body was pulled out and flew at a fast pace. 
The cheering soldiers focused on Quanta didn’t even notice the sword had struck someone’s neck. The same was true for War’s warrior. He couldn’t react and lost his head. The head of War’s servant then fell to the ground. 
The connection was closed; War could no longer look at Zephyr. 
However, she still felt a great joy. 
The last thing she saw before the connection was broken had been the face of Zephyr, who was staring at War with cold eyes. He had an intense aura and magic power wrapped around him. 
She was thrilled. Zephyr was beautiful, charming. 
War liked what she saw, and she desired it. 
In the darkness, she lifted her head. She could feel something in the south, heading toward the War Knight in the north. 
Guardian Queian... 
It was the Drakon Kechatulla he had prepared—a human warrior. 
There was also another one, the Conquest Knight with the power of a dragon. He was a child of Conquest, who had been corrupted by the hateful Ainkel and Torres. 
War smiled faintly. 
The time was approaching. 
&  
"Master, the talking raccoon has become a pig raccoon. Fat.” 
“No? I just became slightly overweight from relaxing and sleeping a little bit!”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 175 - Chapter 35: Battle #2
After leaving Curtis, In-gong’s group was able to reach the Demon King’s Palace in 10 days. It was an incredibly long time compared to using the transportation formation, where they could move in the blink of an eye. However, according to Sepira, they arrived quite quickly. She stated she had been able to reduce the time by two days thanks to good weather. 
There was a welcoming crowd at the flying ship airport, with a very good face at the front of the crowd. 
“Shutra! Felicia unni!” 
“Caitlin!” 
As the stairs of the Black Flame Dragon were laid out, Caitlin spread her arms open, and Felicia hurried down the stairs. Then Caitlin dragged Felicia into a hug like she couldn’t wait anymore. 
The two of them had become really close since the Red Lightning tribe event. Caitlin buried her face in Felicia’s chest before approaching In-gong and opening her arms. Caitlin’s intention was clear, so In-gong hugged her. As In-gong was now taller than Caitlin, it was no longer awkward for him to hug her.
After a short hug, Caitlin looked up at In-gong’s face. 
"I've heard the story. Weren’t you very active this time?” 
Her golden eyes seemed to shine like lanterns. In-gong felt better and asked, 
"Yes, Noona. Aren’t I amazing?” 
At In-gong’s implicit request, Caitlin’s eyes widened but only for a moment. Then she smiled brightly and shouted,
“Amazing!” 
The darkness in In-gong’s mind dissolved. It was like cleansing magic being used on the undead. 
‘Hu, I have to admit it. The Amazing Princess is really amazing.’ 
Green Wind admitted defeat in his ears, while Felicia covered her face with a fan and laughed. 
“Noisy.” 
An elegant voice interrupted the bright and lively atmosphere. Caitlin looked up at Anastasia who was slowly descending the stairs. 
“Anastasia unni.” 
Caitlin’s voice subsided somewhat because their last encounter at Baikal’s tea party hadn’t been particularly good. 
Chris spoke on behalf of Caitlin, 
"Anastasia noonim, I heard that this time was pretty dangerous.” 
The sociable atmosphere instantly disappeared, replaced by tension. Then there was the loud sound of clapping, and Anastasia smiled slightly instead of snarling. 
"It was dangerous. If it wasn’t for Shutra, I might not have returned to the Demon King’s Palace again.” 
Chris frowned at her words. He had to admit that he was confused. 
Meanwhile, Anastasia finished descending the stairs and looked at In-gong. 
“Shutra, I’ll be going first. I’ll see you later. Felicia, Silvan.” 
Felicia nodded from beside Chris, while Silvan, who was still on the Black Flame Dragon, winked with his eye which wasn’t covered by the eyepatch. Other people would think he just closed his eyes, but Anastasia knew Silvan and understood him immediately. She smiled and turned toward Caitlin. 
Caitlin blinked as she received Anastasia’s attention, but Anastasia smiled again and spoke first. 
“Caitlin as well.” 
It was just a few words, but it was sufficient. Caitlin laughed again before Anastasia stepped forward gracefully. Her followers and her aide, Chandra, lined up behind her. 
Chris watched Anastasia’s exit quietly, then he said to In-gong, 
“Hasn’t Anastasia’s attitude become softer? Did Shutra do something else?” 
“Only what was mentioned.” 
In-gong replied lightly, making Chris look toward Felicia for a further explanation. Felicia just said with a prudish expression,
"Well, it is a story for later. Let's move on." 
Chris laughed and raised his hand to In-gong’s shoulder. 
&  
"Um, you gathered here so naturally that I can’t say anything.” 
The children of the demon king were gathered in the reception room of In-gong’s mansion. 
It was a gathering of Shutra’s faction, consisting of the 5th Prince, 6th Princess, 7th Prince and 8th Princess. 
For example, it was common to scatter to their own mansions after returning to the Demon King’s Palace. However, this time, they had all gathered at In-gong’s house very naturally. 
Chris said with a shrug, 
"Shutra is our focal point. There is no better place to discuss things than your mansion.” 
Among the children of the demon king, it was Chris who In-gong hadn’t seen for a long time. Chris seemed to have many pent up stories. 
However, he couldn’t listen to Chris’ story straight away. It had been quite a while since In-gong had returned to the mansion, so there were a few things he need to do first. 
"Master, the talking raccoon has become a pig raccoon. Fat.” 
Green Wind said with a frown as she solidified next to In-gong. Amita, who had gotten a slightly bloated, hit the ground with their tail. Although their tail was raised, the sound was softer than before. 
“No? I just became slightly overweight from relaxing and sleeping a little bit!” 
"Raccoon, don’t deny reality. You can’t even run as usual.” 
“Sob.” 
Carack’s brutal assessment caused Amita to grab their chest. In-gong glanced at Daphne, who was behind Amita, to ask what happened, but Daphne just shook her head with a sad expression. 
“Anyway! I created many things in the meantime. I will show it later.” 
Amita said with a grunt. In-gong nodded as he visualized Amita’s diet plan in his head. 
“I understand. I have a lot to show you, so please look forward to it.” 
“What? Did you get your hand on another item of an elder dragon?” 
Amita asked with confusion. In-gong nodded again. 
"There is also this.” 
The Giant King's Sword and Lizardmen’s Horn. Both of them had been made by the indigenous species 10,000 years ago. 
“Hah, truly… you have the luck of a god. How is it that every time you go somewhere, you manage to sweep up all the goods?” 
“I don’t know about good luck, but I have a guardian." 
In-gong stroked Green Wind’s head from where she was sitting next to him. Of course, Green Wind was good but... 
Unfortunately, Nayatra wasn’t present in the mansion to share her story. She had left the Demon King’s Palace more than a month ago to gather information. 
The task In-gong had entrusted to her had been to investigate the sin of the gandharva. 
However, even if Nayatra was excellent in gathering information, it was unreasonable to expect her to figure it out in a month. 
It was unavoidable, so In-gong turned toward Chris. This time, he intended to listen to Chris’ story. 
However, right then, just as Caitlin was having fun pressing her fingertips to Amita’s belly... 
"Your Highness, the 4th Princess has come to visit you.” 
Flora entered the reception room and said in a quiet tone. It was an unexpected visit, so In-gong didn’t know about it. 
“Anastasia noona?” 
Chris and Felicia were surprised. Felicia, who had a good relationship with Anastasia, nodded, but Chris frowned. 
After a moment, In-gong replied to Flora, 
"Flora, bring her to this room.” 
“I understand.” 
Flora left for five minutes and showed up again with Anastasia and Chandra. Anastasia sat down on the couch and looked at Chris who had a cold expression, Caitlin who seemed lost, Felicia and Silvan who had a relative calm expression. Then Anastasia said in a relaxed tone, 
"Everybody is gathered." 
“Did something happen?” 
At In-gong’s question, Anastasia turned her gaze toward Felicia. 
"It is due to Felicia’s urging. Didn’t you say there should be a reward for saving me at the central fortress?” 
She had said that clearly. Rather than giving a further explanation, Chandra handed Anastasia a small box with a small necklace inside it. 
"Here." 
Anastasia handed the necklace to In-gong. In-gong was already wearing the Tears of a Dark Elf, which meant he would be wearing two necklaces, but it still looked presentable because both were very thin. 
“Succubus... Tears?” 
In-gong muttered the name of the item which popped up, and Anastasia nodded. 
"It is similar to the Tears of a Dark Elf, but it’s different. By default, it has a strong resistance against mental attacks, but it also contains attraction...”
‘It is like a strong attraction drug. The effect is remarkable.’ 
The last part was sent through message magic. 
In-gong nodded automatically. The Succubus Tears was one of the so-called ‘tear series’, a great item which contained Anastasia’s attraction ability and defensive ability against mental attacks. 
'Wah, Anastasia is actually giving this to me.’ 
In Knight Saga, he had no choice but to defeat Anastasia. In order to do that, he had to defeat the succubus’ territory and take down the 2nd Queen Titania Nekrion. 
‘Is this an item that can create a bizarre play?’ 
It was literally a love potion. 
In-gong touched the purple jewel at the end of the necklace and smiled. However, unlike In-gong, Felicia frowned as though she disliked it. 
"Unni, the effect will overlap with the Tears of a Dark Elf. Isn’t there anything more helpful?” 
"Don’t you think it is helpful enough?” 
It seemed that Felicia wasn’t interested in the attraction effect. 
Then at that moment... 
"Hoh, everyone is gathered here.” 
A familiar voice was heard from the terrace. The first to react was surprisingly Anastasia. 
“Sword Duke?!” 
The sword duke, who had appeared out of nowhere, laughed instead of answering and opened the door to the terrace. 
He had appeared so suddenly that everyone was perplexed. In particular, Chris and Silvan were so surprised that they were almost frozen. 
Anastasia was the first one to recover. She hurried to cover her armpits, but it was too late. The sword duke took one step and was already right in front of her nose. 
“Kuk!” 
The sword duke’s big hands went underneath Anastasia’s armpits. Anastasia struggled desperately and shouted, 
“S-stop!” 
However, he didn’t listen. The sword duke laughed and raised Anastasia up high. 
"Higher! Higher!” 
“S-stop it!” 
Anastasia, who had always been graceful, shouted with a grouchy expression. She was spun round and round toward the ceiling as the hem of her dress spread out wide. 
After several rounds, the sword duke set Anastasia down, and she staggered. The sword duke clicked his tongue. 
“You liked this when you were a child... You’ve changed, Princess.” 
"I didn’t like it when I was a child!” 
There was no elegance this time. The sword duke clicked his tongue again before moving his gaze. Felicia noticed where he was looking and shouted urgently, 
"W-wait a minute!" 
Felicia wasn’t much different from Anastasia. She was grabbed by the waist and spun round and round in the air. 
“Put me down! I'm telling you to put me down!” 
Felicia struggled like how Anastasia had done, but the sword duke didn’t budge. After a while, Felicia landed on the ground was in a similar manner to Anastasia earlier. Felicia then sat down on the ground and muttered complaints about the sword duke. 
The sword duke laughed at the two princesses and turned to Caitlin. Unlike the previous two, Caitlin actually welcomed the sword duke. 
"More!” 
The laughing Caitlin exclaimed as soon as she was put on the ground. It was a pleasurable response, but the sword duke’s expression only changed subtly. 
"Well, I'm glad that you are happy, but... I feel like it is less exciting.” 
The sword duke finished patting Caitlin’s head and turned toward the princes this time. Silvan opened his arms in anticipation, while Chris watched the sword duke. 
Fortunately or unfortunately, the sword duke only greeted the two princes. 
“It is nice to see you. I’m glad that both of you seem healthy.” 
“I greet the sword duke.” 
"M-me too.” 
Chris and Silvan responded hurriedly. After finishing the very brief greeting, especially in comparison to the greeting with the princesses, the sword duke finally looked at In-gong. 
“Sword Duke, did something happen?” 
There had to be a reason for his sudden appearance. The sword duke took a deep breath and looked at In-gong  with his unique and penetrating gaze. 
"I heard about Curtis. So, I was wondering how much you’ve grown.” 
After finishing his test, the sword duke crossed his arms and laughed at Anastasia. 
"It wasn’t in the direction I expected, but... you have definitely become stronger. Additionally, your performance in the military was quite good. I am looking forward to the court gathering.” 
"The court gathering?” 
They had heard that the court gathering would occur three days later, at the earliest. He felt a strange feeling after hearing that the sword duke was looking forward to the court gathering. 
However, the sword duke didn’t reply. He glanced at the panting Anastasia and Felicia on the floor and moved toward the terrace in the blink of an eye. 
"It is great to see you with Princess Anastasia. Then I will see you at the court gathering.” 
The sword duke disappeared like the wind. In-gong opened the mini-map reflexively, but he couldn’t find the battlefield. Indeed, the sword duke was a true hero of the Demon World. 
The reception room was silent, like the sea calming down after a storm had passed. 
"Annoying." 
Anastasia, who still hadn’t regained her elegance, muttered, and Felicia nodded in agreement. It was a moment when the relationship between the sisters became stronger. 
“Um.” 
Carack closed the terrace door and muttered in a low voice as he approached In-gong. Then Carack scratched his head and said, 
"Prince, it is obvious that something is going to happen on the day of the court gathering.” 
“Yes.” 
In-gong leaned back on the couch and agreed. He couldn’t help laughing. 
&  
"My appearance isn’t a surprise.” 
"The appearance of the 4th Queen is within the expected range.”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 176 - Chapter 35: Battle #3
Silvan, Felicia, Chris, and Caitlin returned to their mansions in the evening, with Anastasia at the forefront. 
In contrast to what he had expected, Anastasia only left In-gong’s mansion after finishing dinner. She noticed Chris’ looks before and after the meal but continued as though she didn’t care. 
Caitlin smiled because she thought it was an opportunity to get closer to Anastasia, but Chris was different. In Chris’ eyes, Anastasia was just staying to spy on them. 
Although his mood wasn’t great, Chris didn’t explain about what had happened on his mission. However, Caitlin briefly explained that he had done moderately well fighting against the creatures. 
Anastasia was more curious about In-gong’s life among the lizardmen than Chris’ life. She knew In-gong and Felicia had stayed at the Dragon Temple, which could be called the sanctuary of the lizardmen, but she couldn’t understand what they had been doing there. 
In-gong just smiled while Felicia talked about the brilliant appearance of the Dragon Temple. It felt like the conversation at Baikal’s tea party. 
"The Dragon Temple seems amazing.” 
Although Caitlin seemed satisfied, Anastasia and Chris didn’t look that good. Chris frowned while Anastasia hid her displeasure behind her elegant appearance. 
"Let's talk again in the future." 
In-gong said in a small voice to Chris, who was the last one to leave his mansion. 
When he was finally alone, In-gong sighed and looked up at the ceiling. Carack asked from behind him, 
"Prince, what is it?” 
"I still have a conversation left.” 
Carack made a puzzled sound, but In-gong just headed upstairs. He didn’t forget to give instructions to Flora whom he met along the way. 
'Master, you seem to be nervous.’ 
“Yes.” 
In-gong took a deep breath in front of his bedroom door before opening it. 
“Hello.” 
"Hello, Your Majesty the 4th Queen.” 
4th Queen Elaine Moonlight was sitting in a very comfortable position on In-gong’s bed. She wore a blue dress with a narrow skirt, but it fit well with her dark blue hair. 
“My appearance isn’t a surprise?” 
"The appearance of the 4th Queen is within the expected range.” 
In-gong laughed bitterly as he closed his bedroom door. Without opening the mini-map, he could feel Ludwig’s presence on the balcony. 
Elaine frowned slightly before smiling at him. 
"Hmm, did you notice that I broke into your bedroom?” 
"I am a little sensitive." 
In-gong responded appropriately as he stood before the window which led to the balcony. Elaine smiled once again since it was exactly opposite from where Ludwig was hiding. 
"I heard about Curtis. Anastasia doesn’t have the same personality as her mother. Well, no, to be precise, there are only several layers of bark on top of the egg... at least for now.” 
"For now?” 
Elaine nodded pleasantly at In-gong’s question. 
"Isabella said so. You are an older sister killer. Don’t you turn your older sisters into fools?” 
Elaine laughed like she found it very amusing, while In-gong gave a soulless laugh. 
"Hah, how interesting. Anyway, there are several reasons for me to visit today. Can you come over here?” 
Elaine patted the area of the bed next to her. As In-gong approached reluctantly, she pulled a necklace out of a box she had prepared in advance. 
“This...?” 
"This is the Lycanthrope Tears.” 
It was a yellow jewel lodged in a wolf’s claws. This was the first time In-gong had seen it. 
'Is the Lycanthrope Tears also part of the tears series?’ 
A total of three tears had appeared in Knight Saga: 
The Tears of a Dark Elf gave a powerful mental defense; 
The Succubus Tears could create a love potion; 
And the Draconian Tears restored the wearer’s magic power. 
Yet now, there was the Lycanthrope Tears. 
'Could it be that there is one for each queen?’ 
It was a moderately interesting story. In-gong was able to understand why this was the first time he had seen the Lycanthrope Tears. 
In Knight Saga, Silvan had cut off Elaine’s head. 
Zephyr hadn’t participated in the lycanthrope subjugation until the end. Zephyr’s purpose had been to wipe out the lycanthropes and weaken the other children of the demon king, not build up his own merits. 
‘Then is there a Gandharva Tears? Will something happen if I collect all five in the set?’ 
It was like a game idea, but it really seemed like that might happen. 
‘I’ll need to check.’ 
If the Gandharva Tears existed, then there was a high possibility it would be with the remains of the 5th Queen. 
“Shutra?” 
In-gong raised his head at the voice he heard from right beside him. He turned toward Elaine only to see her face right before him. 
"Is there a problem?” 
"No, I was just a little surprised.” 
In-gong responded quickly and pulled back, increasing the distance with Elaine again. Elaine stared at In-gong before leaning toward him. Then she placed the necklace around his neck. 
"The Lycanthrope Tears gives the owner a powerful regenerative ability. Have it. It will be very helpful.” 
Despite how small the three necklaces were, they stood out. He would switch all three pendants onto a single chain later. 
'Is this why she said she would return before?’ 
Elaine had said she would return with something in exchange for killing Gerard. 
“The next thing is about the court gathering.” 
Elaine frowned and changed the topic. 
"At this court gathering, the 1st Queen and 2nd Queen are likely to participate. Sylvia is also participating. So, in fact, all the queens of the palace will be present.” 
1st Queen Aishar Ragnaros and 2nd Queen Titania Nekrion... 
In-gong knew why Elaine wasn’t comfortable. In Knight Saga, the relationship between 2nd Queen Titania and 4th Queen Elaine had been very bad. The two of them were an example of a cat-dog relationship. 
"You have already experienced the court gatherings a few times, so it shouldn’t be a big problem. Rather, the problem is the back issues.” 
The court gathering was essentially a venue for publicity. Even though 3rd Queen Sylvia had appeared suddenly at the last one, it hadn’t caused a problem to the process itself. It was after the court gathering that Sylvia’s tea party invitation had appeared. 
“1st Queen Aishar isn’t a big problem. The problem is 2nd Queen Titania... She isn’t the same as Anastasia. She is a really scary woman. Do you understand?” 
“I understand.” 
1st Queen Aishar had a similar nature to 1st Prince Baikal. She was very gentle and rarely left her mansion, spending most of her time on gardening and reading books. 
However, Titania was different. She was a thorny rose, a poisonous flower. 
Elaine once again got In-gong’s attention as she rose from the bed and looked down at him. She patted In-gong’s head. 
"I asked for Master Bruce to spar with you. Wait a little longer. " 
"Yes, Your Majesty the 4th Queen.” 
"Tsk, tsk. Call me Mother.” 
Elaine laughed as she embraced In-gong gently. She was similar in appearance to Caitlin, but unlike Caitlin, Elaine had more curves. 
"Then that is all for today. I’ll see you next time.” 
Elaine touched In-gong’s cheek gently before turning toward the balcony, instead of his bedroom door. Ludwig appeared like a ghost behind Elaine. 
Elaine’s and Ludwig’s exit wasn’t as fast as the sword duke’s, but it was faster than the wind. In-gong sighed as he stared at the open balcony doors. 
“Why does the sword duke and everyone else not go through the door?” 
In-gong murmured as Green Wind closed the balcony door. 
&  
Two days after the meeting with Elaine, Shutra’s faction, headed by Felicia, gathered at In-gong’s mansion. They intended to head to the court gathering as usual. 
Felicia had many gold decorations on a blue dress which was as exposed as always, with her clothing being reminiscent of what she had worn at the Dragon Temple. 
Thanks to Chris’ return, Caitlin wore a white dress which covered her shoulders. Chris smiled with pleasure, but Caitlin’s frown showed she wasn’t satisfied. 
Silvan and Chris were wearing a colourful suit and black suit, respectively, as usual. In-gong was also wearing a white suit like he had always worn. 
“Did you hear? There is a rumour that all the queens will be participating.” 
Chris’ eyes sharpened at Felicia’s words. He approached In-gong and said in a heavy tone, 
"Beware of the 2nd Queen. Just watch the 2nd Queen.” 
His eyes filled with flames like Elaine. Seeing this, a smile found its way onto In-gong’s face. 
“What is it?” 
"No, Hyung really is the 4th Queen’s son.” 
Chris was still confused, but he didn’t ask In-gong anything else. Felicia stood next to them and added, 
"Shutra, Omamama told me to watch out for the 2nd Queen as well. Don’t just laugh like that and be careful. Understand?” 
“I understand. Hyung and Noona don’t need to worry too much. Will the 2nd Queen be the only one at the court gathering? The 3rd Queen and 4th Queen are bound to help.” 
Two of the four queens were on his side. 1st Queen Aishar was neutral, so she wouldn’t be an impediment. 
Chris laughed at In-gong’s words and knocked against his shoulder. 
“Hu, okay. Disturbance Shutra. I will put aside my futile worries and proceed to enjoy the exciting court gathering.” 
Chris was expecting an event to happen again. 
Felicia opposed it immediately. 
"Hey, does it have to be exciting? Shutra, please let it be quiet this time. Noona’s heart hurts at every court gathering. Yes?” 
Felicia grabbed her chest as she begged In-gong. She looked so serious that he was unsure if it was a joke or her true heart. 
"Anyway, let’s depart. It will be a big deal if we are late.” 
It was Silvan, the oldest member of Shutra’s faction, who said this. Chris smiled at the tone which made Silvan sound like an old man but prepared to leave. 
Just as they were planning to leave the reception room... 
“Your Highness.” 
"Flora?" 
Flora approached at an urgent pace and bowed before In-gong. 
"Your Highness, the court gathering scheduled for today has been cancelled.” 
“Cancelled?” 
Felicia cried out in an aghast tone. So far, the court gatherings had never once been delayed or cancelled. It was surprising that the court gathering was cancelled on the day it was to be held. 
Chris asked sharply, 
"Tell us a little more. What is the reason? Was there some type of accident?” 
“I don’t know the reason. I received the news from a guard.” 
Flora was surprised by Chris’ intimidation, but she responded in a calm tone. 
The court gathering had been cancelled, and the reason was unknown. Moreover, it was the guards who had informed her. 
Felicia and Chris gazed at each other with confusion. It was obvious the court gathering had been cancelled due to an incident, but they couldn’t even guess what had happened. 
Silvan and Caitlin were no different. Caitlin looked at In-gong with an expression of concern. 
In-gong started thinking, and thought of something reflexively. 
If ‘that’ had happened, then it made sense. It would explain why the court gathering had been cancelled. 
However, the timing was too early. 
‘Perhaps...’ 
In-gong shifted his gaze in the direction of the Black Castle, which was called the true Demon King’s Palace. 
&  
The demon king, Mitra, opened his eyes. He wasn’t on a comfortable bed. The demon king recalled the situation just before he lost consciousness. 
“The court gathering was cancelled. The queens were quite confused. Well, this is the first time it has happened.” 
The sword duke spoke in a low and heavy voice. The demon king shifted his gaze and the sword duke came into his sights. 
The sword duke opened his mouth to speak, 
"Has your sickness worsened?” 
The demon king didn’t deny the sword duke’s worried question, but his current situation itself was the answer. 
He had vomited up blood and collapsed; he had lost consciousness. 
It was fortunate that the sword duke had been the first one to discover him. The demon king had concealed his illness even from his guard, Reinhardt. 
The demon king of the Demon World had always been considered an absolute being. If the fact, that he had a disease and was in a weakened state, were exposed, then the hearts of the people, even the queens, might change. 
The next demon king wasn’t ready yet. Until a new absolute being appeared to guard the Demon World, he had to show a healthy appearance. 
The sword duke clicked his tongue. He looked at his only disciple with sadness. 
"Demon King, you don’t need to rush. Are you going to die before this old man? If you do, then you better be prepared. I will never forgive you.” 
The sword duke spoke intently on purpose. The demon king smiled and raised his upper body slowly. 
“Sword Duke, prepare to go to the Holy Land.” 
The sword duke’s eyes widened at the command. The demon king could see the flow of destiny, so he wouldn’t say this for no reason. It was clear that something would happen in the Holy Land. 
"I understand. I will leave immediately.” 
Maintaining the Holy Land was the greatest task assigned to the sword duke, and it was related to the comfort of the entire Demon World. 
The sword duke prepared to leave the demon king’s side, but then the demon king’s magic grabbed the sword duke. The sword duke looked back with confusion and the demon king said, 
“Not alone. Take Shutra with you.” 
“To the Holy Land?!” 
The sword duke raised his voice unintentionally. It was a confusing order. 
The demon king turned his gaze back to the sword duke, staring at him with calm eyes. 
The sword duke sensed that the demon king had read the flow of destiny. So, he didn’t ask any more pointless questions. 
"I understand, I will do so.” 
The sword duke replied before leaving the demon king. The demon king’s gaze lingered on where the sword duke had been, then he shifted his gaze to a distant place. 
The flow of destiny was fluctuating. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 177 - Chapter 35: Battle #4
In-gong gulped. If it was as he thought... that meant the illness of the demon king had worsened, and he had collapsed. 
'So fast.' 
In Knight Saga, the worsening of the demon king’s illness and the cancellation of the court gathering had occurred in Year 516. It was currently Year 513, so it should’ve occurred three years in the future. 
However, he couldn’t deny it. Things had already changed quite a bit from Knight Saga. Just looking at Zephyr, he was much stronger now compared to how he had been in Knight Saga. 
‘The court gatherings haven’t been abolished yet.’ 
It had been cancelled just once. There was currently no need to assign a substitution like the demon king had done in Year 517. 
“Shutra? Have you guessed something?" 
Felicia asked suddenly. It was because In-gong was thinking with a very serious expression on his face. 
All gazes shifted toward In-gong, who shook his head hurriedly. 
"No, no. I don’t know.” 
It wasn’t a complete lie. The cancellation of the court gathering might not be because of the demon king’s illness. Maybe it was something else which In-gong didn’t know. 
'I’d rather be wrong.’ 
The demon king had to stay alive. The longer his reign was, the more time In-gong had to prepare. 
"Did something happen to Abamama?” 
Felicia said in an uneasy voice. Just like how 3rd Queen Sylvia truly loved the demon king, Felicia loved her father as well. They really were a loving family. 
“It can’t be.” 
Chris denied the possibility immediately. It wasn’t simply because he didn’t want to hear such ominous words. It was because he couldn’t imagine a situation where anything was wrong with the demon king. 
For the children of the demon king, the demon king was an absolute being. 
In-gong looked at other possibilities. Maybe it was a problem with the queens, not the demon king, which caused the court gathering to be cancelled. 
However, the possibility of that was low. From the beginning, the queens weren’t essential for the court gatherings. 
‘Is it truly the demon king’s sickness?’ 
The moment that he thought so... 
A heavy wind blew past. Everyone, including In-gong, turned reflexively. There was a strong presence they couldn’t resist. 
The sword duke was on the terrace, but it wasn’t like when he had showed up two days ago. The sword duke’s face was blank. 
Silvan opened his mouth, but he couldn’t speak. Chris was the same. The strong aura of the sword duke dominated the surrounding area completely. 
"Prince, you have to go somewhere with me right now. This isn’t an offer but a command of the demon king." 
The sword duke ordered. The children of the demon king gulped at the sword duke’s brief speech. 
Where was he going? And why did the sword duke look so serious? Was it related to why the court gathering had been cancelled? 
“I understand.” 
In-gong replied calmly. At that moment, Felicia tried to take a step toward In-gong, in order to go with him as always. 
However, the sword duke didn’t allow it. He instantly stopped everyone’s movements, including Felicia. Felicia couldn’t breathe. It felt like she was frozen by something. They were caught in the absolute power of the sword duke. 
“It is only 9th Prince.” 
The declaration was like an absolute rule. Felicia gasped for breath, while Caitlin and Chris couldn’t say anything. Silvan clenched his teeth and staggered toward Felicia. 
The sword duke was no longer looking at the children of the demon king. He only looked at In-gong as he spoke,
"Prince, excuse me for a moment.” 
The sword duke moved in front of In-gong instantly and raised a hand to his shoulder. In-gong accepted the sword duke’s hand instead of resisting. He looked back at the restrained Carack before taking a deep breath. 
Once again, a heavy wind blew past. No, it was better to say that wind was broken. 
The sword duke’s technique transcended imagination. As he held onto In-gong’s shoulder, he crossed a vast distance in one step. 
The sword duke only stopped when they arrived at a transportation formation. 
In-gong reflexively used the mini-map to check his location. They seemed to be near the Black Castle. 
The sword duke didn’t explain as he triggered the transportation formation. Instead of asking, In-gong followed the sword duke onto the transportation formation. 
The place where they arrived was inside a cave. It was an artificially enlarged natural cave, with a sura boy and girl standing in front of the transportation formation. 
The sura boy and girl, dressed in the same clothes as the sword duke, were surprised to see In-gong next to the sword duke. However, that only lasted for a moment. They started speaking to the sword duke with desperate expressions. At first, In-gong couldn’t understand, but he soon realized. It was the sura’s native language. 
‘Is the Holy Land in danger?’ 
Was this the sura’s sanctuary? 
The sword duke interrupted the boy’s story. He looked at In-gong and said,
"Prince, you will now be entering the Holy Land. It can also be called the Sanctuary.” 
"Is this the sanctuary of the sura?” 
The sword duke had mentioned earlier that his residence was the Sanctuary. In that case, did the sura have a problem? Perhaps the cancellation of the court gathering had something to do with the sura. 
“There is no time. I will explain while moving.” 
The sword duke turned around and started to run. It was fast because they were moving a long distance, but it wasn’t like when he moved at the Demon King’s Palace. 
In-gong hurriedly caught up with the sword duke using Protection of the Wind. The sword duke watched In-gong closely before smiling and explaining, 
‘It is true that the place where I stay is the sanctuary of the sura. But it isn’t just a sanctuary for the sura. It can be called the sanctuary of the whole Demon World.’ 
The sword duke’s voice was directly conveyed into In-gong’s head. It was a technique using aura, not message magic. 
[Trill Lv1 has been learnt.] 
He was happy to learn an unexpected skill, but now wasn’t the time to look at it. 
'My mission is to protect the Sanctuary. It is a lifelong task inherited from my master.’ 
The Sanctuary had been protected for generations. 
The sword duke continued to speak, 
‘Very few people know the location of the Sanctuary. Only a few of the queens and captains know the location. Even they don’t know the true role of the Sanctuary. The Sanctuary isn’t simply the home of the sura.’ 
The reason for the Sanctuary’s location being known to some was to prepare for possible attacks. 
However, according to the sword duke’s words, it wasn’t just for that. From the beginning, the Sanctuary had been a shield to cover something else. 
The sword duke briefly stopped talking there. He then changed the topic instead of explaining the true role of the Sanctuary. 
'The Sanctuary is now under attack. Prince will fight with me.’ 
There was always a reason for the demon king’s actions. He didn’t order the 9th Prince to go somewhere for no reason. 
The sword duke ran along a snowy field with In-gong. Snowy mountains rose like a wall in the distance. 
In-gong opened the mini-map, but he couldn’t figure out his exact location. Even if the scale was increased as much as possible, only the snowy field could be seen. 
"Prince, do you remember what I said before? The Demon King’s Palace has always faced challenges.” 
The sword duke said abruptly. At that moment, In-gong felt the wind disappear. The snowy field he had been running on suddenly changed to grassland. 
In-gong realized that he had just passed through a ward. 
In-gong’s gaze moved to a place far away. At the far end, a huge silver tower in the shape of a dome could be seen. Additionally, a fight was about to start on both sides. 
“This is one of those challenges. A pretty big challenge.” 
The sword duke growled. In-gong gulped as he concentrated aura on both eyes and looked at the battlefield. He saw a familiar sight. 
‘Creature Abseltur!’ 
He was a formidable adversary which In-gong had always encountered when playing the role of Locke in Knight Saga. 
Abseultur took on the appearance of a dark elf, instead of a huge creature, and was sitting on a carriage pulled by two chimeras. On his left and right, there were hundreds of blood warriors who seemed to come from hell. 
‘It isn’t just Abseltur.’ 
In the opposite direction was Arch Lich Shutenberg. He was the creator of Zephyr’s subordinate, Sektum, and as an undead commander, he was more difficult than Abseltur in many ways. 
In-gong took a deep breath. He felt a fighting spirit instead of fear. The sword duke was here, and In-gong was much stronger than he had been in Evian. 
‘Master! The enemy!’ 
Green Wind exclaimed suddenly. In-gong looked up to see birds the size of a human body staring at him from the air. 
It seemed like they were Abseltur’s scouts which he had spread all over the battlefield.
This was just before the battle, but there was still a considerable distance to the battlefield. In-gong sent White Eagle after them. He couldn’t allow their position to be exposed. 
White Eagle shot forward and took care of the low-grade creatures in an instant. 
It was at this moment that... 
[Your level has risen.] 
“Eh?” 
In-gong cried out unintentionally. He had gained a lot of experience from defeating Berkintox and Artman, so he had expected to level up sooner or later. However, he didn’t think it would happen just before a fight like this. 
However, In-gong felt glad. Levelling up was always useful. Moreover, this level up had a different meaning. 
‘Level 40!’ 
He could upgrade an existing occupation or obtain a new secondary occupation! 
Confronted with such strong enemies, it really was appropriate timing. 
[You are at the junction of growth. Please select one of the following two paths.] 
[Species Change: Dragon] 
[Ancestral Regression: Divine Humanoid Gandharva]
The female voice rang out as letters of light appeared in front of him. It was an option for species selection, not occupation. 
'Divine Humanoid Gandharva? ' 
According to legend, the Eight Legions were divine beings living in the heavens. It was highly likely he would awaken that divine power due to ancestral regression. 
In-gong didn’t think about it for long. He didn’t have time to worry, but it also wasn’t a matter to worry about in the first place. 
He was arguably already a half-dragon. So, In-gong didn’t feel the need to change his species to a dragon. 
[You have chosen Ancestral Regression: Divine Humanoid Gandharva.]  
[Ancestral regression has started.] 
The clear voice was cut off. Simultaneously, a white light whirled around In-gong’s body. This white light couldn’t be compared to the light of blessing which appeared every time he levelled up. 
"Prince?!” 
The sword duke, who had been staring at Abseltur and Lich Shutenberg, let out a confused sound. It wasn’t because Shutra was suddenly surrounded by a white light. 
The sword duke recalled the moment when Divine Sura Authority had been born. It felt like that time… It was a nice and creepy feeling which sent a shiver down his spine. 
In the midst of the light, In-gong shrieked soundlessly. His whole body was hot, and a terrible pain seemed to be tearing his body apart as his head turned white. 
Green Wind shouted. Then he could hear the voice of the white woman. 
In-gong forgot about the flow of time. He raised his head and roared loudly. The white light covering In-gong’s entire body shot up into the sky. 
[Four Heavenly Kings: Dhrtarastra Spirit has been acquired.] 
[Heavenly Wine Lv1 has been learnt.] 
[Divine Scent Lv1 has been learnt.] 
[Pheromones Lv1 has been learnt.] 
[Divinity Lv1 has been learnt.] 
[The level of divine power has risen.] 
[The level of divine power has risen.] 
[The level of divine power has risen.] 
[Protagonist Correction is activated.]  
[Protagonist Body is activated.]  
[The divine power of the last flame and the divine power of the Four Heavenly Kings have become one.] 
[The level of Divinity has risen.] 
One of the Four Heavenly Kings, the deity of the gandharva who protected the east… His blood flowed through In-gong’s body. 
In-gong opened his eyes slowly. He didn’t need to check his status window. 
All his gandharva attributes had been strengthened. In-gong had been reborn as a divine humanoid with his own divinity. 
Conquest and Protagonist Body had joined forces. The divine power of the last flame and one of the Four Heavenly Kings had been combined to create a sacred white flame. 
‘Master! Are you okay? Master has changed! You have become divine! A-and... more handsome?’ 
In-gong smiled at Green Wind’s admiration. He mounted White Eagle on his left arm and looked in front of him. 
The sword duke stared at In-gong before laughing. Instead of asking what happened, he just noticed that In-gong had become stronger. 
"Prince, I will entrust the east to you.” 
The sword duke raced toward the west where Lich Shutenberg was. A number of senior undead were guarding Shutenberg, but they were nothing against the sword duke. So, there was no need to worry. 
In-gong stared in the direction of Creature Abseltur. Some of the blood warriors around Abseltur noticed the abnormality and turned to this side. 
As In-gong closed his eyes before opening them again, the half-solid Green Wind appeared beside him. 
‘Master.’ 
Green Wind said, and In-gong nodded. Rather than taking out the flag of light, he raised his hand to Green Wind. She was imbued with the power of Conquest. 
‘Apostle Appointment, Green Wind.’ 
The white light surrounded Green Wind, and her power was increased by several times. 
The small reindeer horns on Green Wind’s head grew much bigger. Her green hair was lengthened, and instead of clothes made of leaves and stems, she was wearing a white dress of light. The Conquest Coat of Arms on her forehead was clear. 
The divine power around her was more than what he had felt when he first encountered her on Enger Plains. It wasn’t an exaggeration to call Green Wind a goddess of the wind. 
‘Master.’ 
Green Wind kissed In-gong’s lips. After giving him a high class blessing and smiling shyly, she became the wind. In addition to White Eagle, she too stayed beside In-gong. 
In-gong took a deep breath, then he rushed toward Abseltur’s army. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 178 - Chapter 35: Battle #5
Four types of power existed in Knight Saga. 
One type of power was Aura. Aura was the power of life, a strength which could be used to train the flesh and master martial arts. 
Another type was magic power, which allowed the user to temporarily impose false laws on the will of the world. 
There was also psychic power—an innate ability which could be called a superpower. 
The last type, divine power, was a strength which came from having a strong faith. 
There was a story which told that if all four powers reached the ultimate stage, a perfect harmony could be created. However, that was just an ideology. 
Generally, it was common for the four powers to resist each other, instead of creating a harmony. 
However, Protagonist Body allowed him to repress that opposition. The power of Conquest did not allow for a quarrel between the four forces. 
In-gong sensed the holy power in him increase by leaps and bounds. It felt like the divine power, given to him by the last flame, had grown at least five times stronger. 
Divine power itself could be called a miracle created by faith. 
The stronger the faith of the believer, the stronger the god would be, which, in turn, strengthened the believer’s divine power. 
Divine power was strong against magic power which created false miracles. Additionally, it boasted exceptional power against the various types of beings in the natural world. 
‘Creature Abseltur.’ 
He was the worst creature ever created by the fairy king, the first fairy user. 
Abseltur had stood on the side of the dark elves many times, but then the fairy king, the only being able to control him, died. 
The third daughter of the fairy king, who had been in charge of taking care of Abseltur, had been the first to be killed. Abseltur didn’t stop there and completely destroyed several villages and cities. 
The fairy king’s eldest daughter, who had succeeded the throne, had been able to defeat him after making a great sacrifice. However, Abseltur had merely been defeated. Instead of being killed, he had been sealed. 
It hadn’t been very successful, however, Abseltur had lost the strongest body created by the first fairy king because of the fight with the new fairy king. 
Then thousands of years passed. 
As the Era of Struggle occurred, Abseltur repeated a cycle of a long sleep and awakening to create his new body. He used the corpses of various strong individuals and monsters during the Era of Struggle as the materials. 
In-gong remembered the Abseltur he had seen in Knight Saga. It had been Locke and Saintess Beatrice who had completely exterminated Abseltur, who had been on the verge of recreating the strongest body. 
‘Anyway, the most important thing is divine power!’ 
Abseltur was a peculiar existence who was weak to divine power. Therefore Beatrice, who boasted the strongest divine power, was the key to victory. 
However, In-gong did not care. Even if Saintess Beatrice or Dark Saintess Altesia weren't here, he could not avoid the battle in front of him. 
In-gong adjusted his breathing. He figured out the number of enemies around them through the mini-map opened in front of him. Then In-gong shared his gaze with Green Wind in the sky and detected the movements of the entire battlefield. 
Abseltur was sitting in his carriage and wasn’t moving. The summoned blood warriors were the only ones moving. They divided into two. One group rushed toward the Sanctuary, while the other group ran towards In-gong. Of course, the numbers of the latter group were much smaller. 
‘Master! They are dismissing you!’ 
Green Wind cried out angrily, but In-gong didn’t care. It was good if the other side was dismissing him. He didn’t slow down his running speed. 
“Katur!” 
“Kelala!” 
The blood warriors spoke in their own language. They weren’t from this world and were instead demons summoned to fight. According to Knight Saga’s setting, they were warriors in an endless war. The only thing they did, aside from eating and sleeping, was fight. 
‘How are they allies?’ 
In-gong was troubled by the fact that they had been summoned from another world. 
He stared at the blood warriors. They were all red. Although their bodies were different, all of them had an average height of three meters and sharp horns on their heads, shoulders and back. 
Just before In-gong was about to collide with them, the heat from their breathing touched In-gong’s cheek. This was because the blood warriors produced flames from their long tongues. 
In-gong pulled back his right fist. His stance was just like he was pulling out a sword, but there was no sword at In-gong’s waist. It wasn’t a common sword he had pulled out from the inventory. 
The space was opened, and the Giant King's Sword soared from his inventory as it responded to his Telekinesis. It rotated roughly and smashed into everyone in front of In-gong.
Kwakakakak!
The lead warrior of the blood warriors was destroyed with a terrible sound, and over 20 blood warriors were thrown to the ground or into the air. 
It didn’t end there. 
The Giant King's Sword moved ahead of In-gong again. Under the control of his Telekinesis, the Giant King's Sword was the most suitable weapon for wiping out the enemy soldiers on the battlefield. 
The blood warriors shouted loudly again. They shot arrows at In-gong, and the power behind each one was enough to pierce through the target. 
In-gong didn’t bother reading the trajectory of the arrows. He just looked at the front like he was ignoring them. In fact, he was actually ignoring the arrows. 
‘Battlefield Protection!’ 
It was a Protagonist Correction skill which lowered the accuracy of projectiles on the battlefield greatly. 
Half the arrows flew to the wrong place, while the remaining half didn’t even reach In-gong. It was natural. 
There was a heavy wind. Green Wind had created a wind barrier which twisted the course of the arrows. The arrows flew in the wrong direction and poured down on the heads of the blood warriors like bombs. 
‘Rise!’ 
Green Wind commanded. Then the ground started shaking violently. The place where Green Wind was staring grew into a tree at a tremendous rate. It became a natural barrier which prevented the blood warriors from rushing to In-gong. 
In-gong looked simultaneously at the mini-map as well as what was in front of him. At that point, Abseltur’s confusion could be felt, and the movements of the blood warriors rushing toward the sura showed unrest. 
"Go!" 
In-gong waved his hand, and the Giant King's Sword flew straight ahead. Abseltur was no longer simply looking. The chimeras of the carriage he was riding were released, and they rushed toward In-gong. It was for the purpose of buying time. 
The Giant King's Sword collided with the blood warriors, while the chimeras rushed toward In-gong by trampling on the blood warriors. 
The chimeras had the horns and body of a goat, the wings of a griffon, the tail of a snake, and the head of a lion. They were a monster which could reach a dozen meters in length just by staying still, making them seem five times larger when they were charging. 
In-gong jumped over the Giant King's Sword. When he saw the flames coming from the chimeras’ mouths, he didn’t hesitate to invoke Black Specter. 
The sound of hundreds of wings flapping was heard as black smoke wound around the chimeras. 
The chimeras screamed at the black blades which sliced their bodies, and as In-gong passed through the chimeras, he released Black Specter. The large carriage where Abseltur sat with an angry expression was in front of In-gong. 
As In-gong approached, Abseltur rose up into the air, and his flesh started swelling. 
‘Master!’ 
Green Wind shouted. Then In-gong opened his mouth and fired Dragon Breath! 
Kwaaaaaang!
The pillar of light extended out swiftly. Abseltur, who was floating in the air, became greatly panicked. He spun his body desperately to avoid In-gong’s Dragon Breath. 
Dragon Breath passed by Abseltur’s giant body. No, it could be called a wide area attack. Two out of the six wings popping out from Abseltur’s back were caught by the Dragon Breath and vanished. 
Abseltur crashed with a scream. He now resembled a cerberus with the heads of a wolf, dragon and eagle as well as six bat wings. 
The ground shook the moment Abseltur crashed into the ground, and it seemed like the earth was screaming. In-gong breathed out and focused magic power on his right hand. He completed the ballista-sized Fire Arrow and added the strength of Dragon Words into it. 
"Levantein!” 
It soon became a fire sword, and the giant flames rushed forward fiercely. 
However, Abseltur took care of it easily. Although he was hurt, he roared toward the Fire Arrow. At that moment, a powerful wave of magic power ripped apart the Fire Arrow In-gong had created. 
Kuhuhuhung!
The battlefield trembled at the fearsome roar. 
Abseltur got up from the ground. He was a giant whose size reached 20 meters in height, but his movements were agile. 
Chupak!
A blue smoke exploded. In-gong jumped and used Blink simultaneously as he thrust forward White Eagle on his left arm. Then something black emerged from Abseltur’s right hand and hit In-gong. 
‘Master!’ 
In-gong couldn’t afford to respond. After being hit by the strong blow, he used Blink just before hitting the ground. 
Instead of being slammed into the ground, In-gong moved to the side and used Dragon Breath again. 
Abseltur looked at In-gong, and the wolf head smiled. 
Chupak!
This time, Abseltur was the one to use Blink. He moved forward from where he had been standing and completely avoided Dragon Breath before transforming. His three heads combined into a giant wolf mouth which aimed at In-gong. The transition was so quick that In-gong had no way to avoid it. 
Abseltur bit down at In-gong, but he couldn’t tear In-gong apart with his teeth. His teeth were blocked by the strong wind barrier Green Wind had created. 
‘Master! Hurry!’ 
The force exerted from Abseltur’s body was like poison. Green Wind was touching his aura directly, so she was feeling terrible pain. 
In-gong tried to use Blink, but it was impossible. Abseltur had surrounded In-gong with magic power and was blocking it. Abseltur was truly an ancient creature. 
‘Master!’ 
Green Wind was close to screaming. Abseltur focused, and the power he emitted became even more tremendous. Even Green Wind, who had been strengthened through Apostle Appointment, couldn’t withstand it any longer. 
It was the reason why a Saintess like Beatrice was needed to defeat Abseltur. Abseltur’s unique power could be overwhelmed by the divine power of Beatrice, who could be called the incarnation of the earth goddess. 
In-gong created a spark of divinity, but it was weak. The power of the flame was too weak to drive back the surrounding darkness. 
He had to strengthen his divinity, and In-gong had one method left to do that. 
“Green Wind!” 
It was a command. Green Wind could no longer resist the power of darkness. She felt doubts and fear of losing In-gong. 
Abseltur would kill him. The force of darkness poured down suddenly on In-gong and swallowed him. 
At that moment, In-gong triggered a skill which could be used because he had acquired divinity. 
‘Spiritualism! Four Heavenly Kings!’ 
‘Dhrtarastra, the guardian of the east, the true king of the gandharva!’ 
At that moment, In-gong’s divinity swelled, immediately burning the power of darkness surrounding him. 
This time, Abseltur was the one who screamed. As though he had swallowed fire, he opened his mouth urgently and retreated. 
It wasn’t just Abseltur. 
Everyone on the battlefield felt the power of a mighty divinity. The blood warriors and sura looked in In-gong’s direction without knowing it. Beyond the boundary of the Sanctuary, the sword duke stopped wielding his sword against the army of the lich. 
“Gandharva!” 
The sword duke exclaimed. He remembered the sin of the gandharva many years ago. 
They had intended to artificially create the strongest royal child who would leap over the 2nd Prince Zephyr. It was an absurd ambition to have for the next demon king. 
The 5th Queen, who loved the demon king more than anyone else, had agreed to this stupid plan. It wasn’t because of a desire to become the mother of the next demon king. It was instead because she couldn’t bear a child and wanted to have a child with the demon king. 
However, the plan had failed tremendously. Additionally, unlike the 5th Queen’s wish, the child hadn’t been born with the blood of the demon king. Unlike the rhetoric of the gandharvas who had persuaded the 5th Queen, the demon king’s blood hadn’t been used. 
It was the strong divinity which the gandharva kept... It was the last essence left behind by their great ancestor that was implanted. 
The child had been born without a soul, just like a breathing doll. 
That existence had become vitalized after a dozen years and showed an overwhelming talent when compared to the 2nd Prince. 
Now, yet another power was blooming once again. 
The sword duke recalled the face of the 5th Queen, Semita Ignus. He also remembered the appearance of the demon king who had lifted up the devastated Semita as she hugged her child, the sin of the gandharva. 
On that day, the demon king had taken the 5th Queen’s child as his own, and the child had been given the position of 9th Prince. 
That’s how it was, but the sword duke didn’t care. He simply rejoiced in the prince’s pure strength. 
The sword duke swung his sword again and no longer looked back. 
Green Wind was also affected. She stared at In-gong with a blank expression. 
In-gong’s hair grew instantly until it reached his ankles. His hair became pitch black, and his original red eyes were dyed gold. 
‘Beautiful.’ She could only think of that. The heavenly aroma spreading from In-gong’s body seemed to paralyze her. 
‘M-master. This is a foul! So handsome! Ah, no. Beautiful!’ 
In-gong could regain his spirit thanks to Green Wind’s words, well-aware of the powerful divinity throughout his whole body. 
This was a temporary power. Just like Beatrice’s great skill where she became the incarnation of an earth goddess, In-gong could only hold it for a few minutes. Moreover, it was an excessive transformation. 
However, it was enough. 
‘Conquer!’ 
The white woman’s voice was heard. She seemed giddier than usual. 
In-gong formed a fist, and Green Wind blessed In-gong again. The divinity of the last flame was added, and a white spark rose from In-gong’s whole body. 
Abseltur could not approach and growled angrily. In-gong smiled as he watched Abseltur. It was such a bewitching smile that Green Wind almost screamed again. 
The distance between In-gong and Abseltur narrowed. 
The god and creature collided once again. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 179 - Chapter 35: Battle #6
There were two things necessary to fight Abseltur. One was a might divinity and the other was preparation for poison. 
Abseltur could poison the surrounding area just by breathing. Moreover, his poisons were different from common poisons. 
Abseltur’s poisons was constantly changing in type. 
Therefore, unless the person knew every decryption magic, it was inevitable for them to be poisoned. The even more horrible fact was that they could still be affected by another poison, even if they were already poisoned. 
Once dozens of poisons overlapped, a person wouldn’t be able to survive no matter how great they were. It was Abseltur’s poison which had taken the life of the second fairy ruler, the one who had destroyed Abseltur’s body. She had been poisoned by more than 100 poisons and had been unable to avoid a painful death. 
Abseltur breathed out his poison. Not only did the serpent of the tail open its mouth, but the dragon, wolf and griffon heads also breathed out different types of poison. He had been hesitant to use the poisons because they would take the lives of the subordinates he’d brought, but there was no time to worry about that now. 
Naturally, In-gong knew all about Abseltur’s poisons. 
However, he jumped into the poisons without any hesitation. 
[Thousand Poisons Resistance is activated.] 
[Thousand Poisons Resistance is activated.] 
[Thousand Poisons Resistance is activated.] 
When it came to poison resistance alone, In-gong overwhelmed even Locke and Zephyr. He couldn’t completely prevent damage from the poisons, but that was enough. Moreover, with Abseltur changing the poison every minute, it was a good experience for In-gong. 
[Thousand Poisons Resistance is activated.] 
[Thousand Poisons Resistance is activated.] 
Every time Abseltur used a new type of poison, a message would be triggered. It was a happy situation where In-gong would accumulate experience even if he just stood still. 
[The level of Thousand Poisons Resistance has risen.] 
[Thousand Poisons Resistance has been promoted to Ten Thousand Poisons Resistance.] 
In-gong’s resistance to poison exploded once again. He rushed through the mist of poisons and reached Abseltur, who belatedly realized the poisons had no use. 
A white and black aura collided in the air. Abseltur moved to one side to avoid a direct strike from In-gong, before deciding to change his tactics. Masses of magic power, at least two meters in diameter, were launched in succession. 
In-gong knew this attack well. Instead of trying to rush toward Abseltur, he threw White Eagle and widened the distance. 
Abseltur twisted in the air to avoid White Eagle. His agility was reminiscent of a cat or bird of prey. 
However, In-gong didn’t miss that. The moment Abseltur turned his body, In-gong used his last Dragon Breath! 
‘It is no use!’ 
Abseltur used the Blink he had prepared in advance. His body soared up into the sky, and In-gong’s Dragon Breath hit an empty space. 
However, In-gong didn’t stop using Dragon Breath. Rather, he poured more power into Dragon Breath. It wasn’t due to desperation; In-gong had a clear target. From the beginning, his target had been something other than Abseltur! 
"Absolute Area!" 
Green Wind called out. Dragon Breath struck White Eagle in the air, reflected off, and changed direction. It now aimed toward Abseltur in the air. 
It was impossible to avoid this attack. Moreover, the Dragon Breath was faster and stronger due to the effect of Absolute Area. 
Abseltur shrieked as Dragon Breath hit him. He twisted desperately to escape the trail of Dragon Breath, but he was already damaged. All four remaining wings were destroyed, and a large hole drilled in his torso. 
‘Noohm!’ 
Abseltur crashed to the ground and sprang up quickly. However, it was already too late. The moment that he started to fall, In-gong stopped Dragon Breath and used successive Blinks. In-gong ended up behind Abseltur. 
Abseltur had three heads. When fighting common monsters, every head should be cut off, but Abseltur was different. In the first place, the three heads were a result of the transformation, so In-gong needed to aim for the body. 
He concentrated divine power and aura on his right fist. Earth Quaker growled angrily but accepted the divine power. 
Abseltur looked at In-gong and chose to avoid In-gong, instead of attacking. He abandoned his current appearance hurriedly and took the form of a huge wolf head. 
The wolf head was only three meters big, making it rather small compared to his previously huge body, but there was no way for him to miss In-gong in the air. 
However, that was a mistake. Once Abseltur took the image of a wolf, In-gong triggered his last Blink. The dark blue smoke exploded, and Abseltur saw In-gong appear before him as though he had been aiming for this moment. 
‘How?!’ 
Abseltur couldn’t move. Telekinesis had frozen Abseltur’s body in midair. It was a power Abseltur could destroy immediately if he exerted his strength, but he didn’t get the chance. 
This was the first time Abseltur had fought In-gong, but In-gong was different. Considering the number of simulations, Abseltur was an opponent In-gong had fought over a dozen times! 
"Tr-ue Des-truct-ion!” 
In-gong used Earth Quaker's super special move. His fist struck Abseltur’s abdomen, and a brilliant destructive force emerged. 
It was a divine destruction—a power which could not be tolerated. Abseltur’s body exploded. 
Kiaaaack!
There was a horrible scream as a black spirit hit In-gong. It was Abseltur’s true body. 
In-gong didn’t avoid the mental attack. He didn’t have Beatrice’s magic, but In-gong had his own divinity. Additionally, he wouldn’t swap out Green Wind’s blessing even if it meant two Beatrices. 
In-gong’s divinity collided with Abseltur’s unique power and destroyed it. Dozens of sharp wounds appeared on In-gong’s body, with blood gushing out like a fountain. However, In-gong didn’t stop. He stretched out his hand and triggered Telekinesis. In-gong caught Abseltur’s mental body as it was trying to escape! 
‘Lightning!’
In-gong struck Abseltur in midair, and the sacred flame from his divinity burnt Abseltur’s spirit. 
Abseltur was in terrible pain as he died. Instead of watching Abseltur’s end, In-gong paid attention to the remaining parts of Abseltur’s body. Abseltur’s heart, the nucleus of his magic to be precise, was still safe. 
Once purified by Saintess Beatrice, it was a magic power core which was almost as useful as the dragon heart. It would be nice if Amita could insert it into White Eagle. 
[Your level has risen.] 
A voice rang out. 
After putting the magic nucleus in his inventory, In-gong sighed. At the same time, his god status was lifted, and naturally, the black hair was cut. His hair and eye colour returned to their original colours as well. 
“Master! Are you ok...ay?” 
Green Wind cried out as she flew toward In-gong. Then suddenly, she was sniffing his body because of the oddly sweet fragrance coming from his whole body, mainly his blood. 
In-gong laughed as he returned Earth Quaker to the inventory and extended an injured fingertip to Green Wind. 
Green Wind hesitated for a bit before sucking In-gong’s finger like a possessed person, then her eyes shone. 
It was a taste which couldn’t be expressed in words. 
After becoming a divine humanoid, his gandharva characteristics were enhanced. Moreover, divine power had been concentrated for the final blow. So, In-gong’s blood could truly be called a god’s drink. 
A slightly dangerous light appeared in Green Wind’s eyes, but In-gong ignored her. Although he had defeated Abseltur, there were still enemies remaining. 
In-gong took a breath and opened the mini-map. Then he blinked in a manner similar to Green Wind. 
There were almost no red dots left on the mini-map. The blood warriors nearby had been killed by Abseltur’s poisons, while the ones far away had been wiped out by the sura. 
He couldn’t see anything on the other side of the Sanctuary either. 
"Indeed, the gandarva king... the power of Dhrtarastra.” 
A voice was heard from behind In-gong. It was shortly after the battle had ended, but he hadn’t even felt a presence approach. 
In-gong turned back to face the sword duke with a little bit of surprise and discomfort. 
The sword duke’s clothes were a mess. Although they weren’t as badly damaged as In-gong’s clothes, there were parts which were torn or seemed burnt. The more surprising thing was that his hair and clothes were actually a bit messy. 
However, there was no disturbance in his breathing at all. In-gong couldn’t see even one drop of sweat on the sword duke’s forehead. 
In-gong shouted reflexively, 
"The lich?” 
"Collapsed. All his alter egos meant that it took a while.” 
Indeed, this was the sword duke. 
Come to think of it, the sword duke was the strongest person in the Demon World, before the demon king. Even if Lich Shutenberg was strong, it was natural he wouldn’t be an opponent for the sword duke. 
‘Rather...’ 
The first words from the sword duke circled strangely in his head. 
‘The strength of the gandharva king, Dhrtarastra.’ 
How did the sword duke know that? Instead of surprise, there was a strange emotion in the sword duke’s voice. It felt like this incident confirmed what the sword duke already knew, rather than surprising him with something new. 
In any case, it was over. This time, he had suddenly brought In-gong to the Sanctuary, and the sword duke also seemed to know something he didn’t. 
"Rather, what is this smell? It seems to be coming from Prince.” 
The sword duke said, sniffing suddenly. The surprised In-gong turned to look at his right hand and moved it behind his back. He had reached out to let Green Wind taste it, but he couldn’t do that for the sword duke. No, that would be rather frightening. 
“Uh, um. A characteristic of the gandharva.” 
In-gong responded before using Dragon Words. He washed off the blood, minimizing some of the sweet fragrance. 
The sword duke looked at In-gong with a gentle expression, then he smiled. 
"Prince truly is 5th Queen’s child.” 
“Sword Duke?” 
In-gong heard a newfound story in the sword duke’s words, but the sword duke didn’t say anything else. He just laughed and spoke with an excited face,
"Anyway, Prince, shouldn’t you take a short break after the emergency? How can I send away a guest who came from a distant place? Moreover, I have some things to talk about with Prince.” 
The sword duke raised his hand to In-gong’s shoulder and turned him around. In-gong could see the silver tower and the sura under it. 
"Welcome to the land of the sura. Please note that you are the first one among the children of the demon king to set foot in the Sanctuary.” 
The sword duke winked and hit In-gong’s back. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 180 - Chapter 36: Sanctuary
There were 30 or so suras gathered in front of the silver tower. There were males and females, but the one thing they all had in common was that they were young. 
‘Are they like civil militia?’ 
Even the weakest one looked equivalent to a junior general, making them too powerful to be part of the civil militia. The inhabitants themselves were similar to ‘villagers’. 
As In-gong approached with the sword duke, one of the sura came toward them at a quick pace. He was a young man with red skin. 
“Sword Duke.” 
"Indara.” 
A slight smile appeared on the sword duke’s face. Indara was dressed in almost the same clothing as the sword duke, but he was wearing gold instead of the sword duke’s white. Moreover, his hair colour stood out because it was a dark blond. 
"Prince, this is Indara who is in charge of the militia. He is one of the rising stars of the sura.” 
“I am Indara, and I greet the 9th Prince.” 
Indara bowed to In-gong. He gathered both hands together like a monk, in what seemed to be the sura’s unique greeting method. 
“It is nice to meet you.” 
In-gong received Indara’s greeting with a smile. He seemed like a young man around 20 of age, but he was actually 70 years old. 
'Is he the one who replaces Gallehed?’ 
Gallehed, the sura captain, was the captain who was usually killed early on during the lycanthrope subjugation in Knight Saga. 
Immediately after Gallehed’s death, Indara had become the head of the sura at the Demon King’s Palace. 
‘Speaking of Gallehed... Did he grow up outside the sura village?’ 
According to Knight Saga’s setting, Gallehed hadn’t been born in the Sanctuary or Demon King’s Palace but had been found in lycanthrope territory. 
His foster parent had been the late lycanthrope king and 4th Queen Elaine’s father, so the lycanthropes’ trust in him was very strong. 
‘He’s been friends with 4th Queen Elaine since childhood right?’ 
Knight Saga’s setting filled In-gong’s mind. While In-gong was thinking about this, the sword duke turned to Indara and said,
"Indara, please clean everything up. I will return to the village first with the prince.” 
“Leave it to me.” 
Indara said confidently before bowing to In-gong again. In-gong said goodbye to Indara and moved with the sword duke. 
The size of the tower was more than what he had thought. It was an oval, not a perfect circle, but it was clear that the height of the tower was over 100 meters. 
"I never imagined this. I am actually guiding Prince into the Sanctuary.” 
The sword duke said suddenly as they arrived in front of the doors to the silver tower. He glanced back at In-gong before pushing his palms against the door. The huge doors opened to reveal the inside of the tower. 
It was a moderately large village, and it looked like a rural scene with crop fields and children playing. 
However, the landscape of the village wasn’t what caught In-gong’s eye. There was a magic circle in the centre of the village. It was a ward which caused a pillar of light. 
This was another sanctuary within the sanctuary of the sura. 
According to the sword duke, this could be called the sanctuary of the whole Demon World. 
The sword duke raised his hand to In-gong’s shoulder, speaking softly as he moved forward. 
"Welcome to the home of the sura, Prince.” 
In-gong passed through the doors. The air inside the ward felt different. If it was winter outside, the inside of the ward was autumn. To his surprise, there was a sky inside the ward. 
The sura farming in the fields bowed to the sword duke. He received them and sent back informal greetings. 
"Prince, the Sanctuary has been attacked several times over the past hundreds of years. They were targeted attacks on the sura and the Sanctuary.” 
The sword duke suddenly turned his gaze toward the ward in the centre of the village. 
"That guy, Shutenberg… This is already his third attack. He doesn’t come directly, but every year he sends a few clones. However, that has limitations. According to our magicians, his body receives a lot of damage every time a clone is broken.” 
According to the sword duke’s words, the attacks were quite relentless. 
Why was Shutenberg aiming for the Sanctuary? 
Lich Shutenberg was so powerful that it wasn’t an exaggeration to call him a warlord of the Demon World. It was hard to imagine why he would want to attack the Sanctuary. 
In that sense, Abseltur was also a big deal. 
Did they have a temporary alliance because they were both aiming for the Sanctuary? Or were they moving under someone else’s orders? 
The Death Knight and War Knight entered his thoughts reflexively, but Shutenberg and Abseltur didn’t give off the auras of War or Death. 
"Sword Duke, can you tell me about the Sanctuary? 
At In-gong’s question, the sword duke took a deep breath and replied, 
"It is a very important place for the entire Demon World. The demon king decided to hide the Sanctuary from the eyes of the world. The large wards make it hard to find the land of the sura. It seems like Shutenberg somehow sniffed out its location… but I think it will be safe now for a few years. In the meantime, I hope to find Shutenberg’s base.” 
It was safer to strike directly against the enemy, rather than wait for them to attack the Sanctuary. 
‘Indeed.’ 
In Knight Saga, the sword duke had the image of a wanderer. If the sword duke were locked to the Sanctuary, he wouldn’t have met Amita, another wanderer of the Demon World. Therefore, the story seemed correct. 
The sword duke frowned suddenly and spoke in a slightly annoyed voice, 
“Prince, I’m sorry, but I can’t tell you much more right now. I hope you understand.” 
“I understand.” 
So far, based on the stories and actions of the sword duke, the existence of the Sanctuary was a strict secret in the Demon King’s Palace. Since it was the order of the demon king which had brought him here in the first place, it was natural for the sword duke to be careful with his words. 
Thus, it was now time to wait. 
"Thank you for understanding. By the way, Prince, are you okay? You faced a fairly strong enemy.” 
“He was strong. I was able to beat him due to having the right balance of skills.” 
They weren’t words of humility. It would have been really dangerous if he hadn’t intensified his divinity. 
‘Only the poisons weren’t a big deal.’ 
When he fought Abseltur in Knight Saga, Saintess Beatrice had often been exhausted, like Felicia after ‘faster than the wind’ was mobilized. In addition to the various blessings, he had been able to use detoxification magic just like breathing. 
"Hoh, indeed.” 
The sword duke stared at In-gong before turning his gaze back to the front again. He didn’t ask about any of it. 
In-gong once again felt a sense of incongruity. Although In-gong had clearly changed, the sword duke didn’t express any doubts about those changes. 
It was obvious that there was something. Perhaps he knew the secret of Shutra, rather than In-gong. 
As they reached the village walls, a few young sura greeted the sword duke and In-gong. The sword duke exchanged words with one of them briefly before speaking to In-gong. 
"Prince, I think I need to look at the ward for a while. You should go and rest first.” 
“I understand.” 
"Thank you.”
He then called out to a young sura woman, “Sindra.”
Sindra was a woman with long red hair and skin which was white like snow. She was a beautiful woman who seemed to be in her mid 20s. 
"I will serve Prince.” 
Sindra bowed, like Indara had done, before leading In-gong to a large building nearby. It was a building he thought would be a town hall, but there was an alien feeling as everything inside was oriental. 
Sindra guided In-gong to a room which looked simple but tidy, then she withdrew after leaving a message for him to call her if she was needed. When he checked the mini-map, she seemed to be waiting in a small room nearby. 
In-gong wanted to call Sindra and ask her something, but he changed his mind. If the sword duke was silent, then it wasn’t likely that Sindra would answer honestly. It seemed better to wait for the sword duke. 
Some time passed by. 
In-gong lay on a bed made of bamboo woven together and smiled. 
"Master, can you give it to me one more time? I will be a well-behaved guardian in the future.” 
Green Wind sat close to In-gong. She begged cutely for one finger, but In-gong pushed her away. 
"No, Green Wind is already a well-behaved guardian.” 
They were words that even Carack would admire. 
Green Wind stared blankly for a moment before crying out angrily,
"Master, then I will misbehave from now on!” 
"Then no more. How can I reward a bad guardian?” 
Green Wind nodded unknowingly before making a panicked expression. 
"Hiing, Master is bad! Bad! Petty!” 
"But am I not good to Green Wind?” 
Green Wind’s face became grouchier at his words. Green Wind smacked her lips together a few times before hitting In-gong’s shoulder and screaming, 
"Master is a fool!” 
Then she disappeared into the wind. However, In-gong just smiled as she disappeared like a pouting child. 
‘Ah, how fun.’ 
It was almost as fun as teasing Felicia. 
‘I’ll give it to her later when we return to the Demon King’s Palace.' 
In-gong couldn’t create tremendous tasting blood at any time. In order to make the blood taste the same, he had to use Spiritualism. 
‘If I am going to do it, then it should be when everyone is together.’ 
It was good to share it. He also wanted Felicia, Caitlin and Carack to try it. 
'Will everybody be worried?’ 
He had left so abruptly that it was obvious they would be worried. The more he thought about it, the more he wanted to take care of them. 
'Well, it is something like this.’ 
Anyhow, he would give them his blood. 
'Well, it can’t be much.’ 
He couldn’t give too much blood and other fluids. 
Shaking his head to get rid of the thoughts, In-gong looked at the clock on the mini-map. It had already been an hour since he had separated from the sword duke. 
‘I should have a real nap.’ 
The moment that In-gong thought so... 
"Prince, would you like something to drink?” 
The sword duke showed up unexpectedly at his window. He was holding a small tray which contained warm wine and a few snacks. 
In-gong turned to look at the door for a short moment, then he got down from his bed and sat facing the sword duke. 
The sword duke handed the cup to In-gong first. 
"Thank you for your help. Thanks to Prince, the damage was able to be minimized.” 
Abseltur’s poisons would have dealt massive damage to the sura, even if they defeated him in midair. 
In-gong smiled humbly. Then the sword duke spoke again, 
"Is there anything you want in return? I will do my best to get it for you.” 
It was something In-gong had been waiting for. He had finished putting his thoughts together while waiting for the sword duke to return. 
'He might reject this.’ 
That was the first thought which came up. There was a question he really wanted to ask the sword duke. 
In-gong took a deep breath before asking,
"I would like to know about the sin of the gandharva." 
At In-gong’s request, the sword duke made a difficult expression and shook his head. 
“Prince, I need the demon king’s permission for that. I can’t just tell the truth to Prince.” 
Although it was a rejection, there were still meaningful words mixed in. 
‘Perhaps? Is there something secret about the sin of the gandharva?’ 
Maybe a small hint was given. 
‘I have to wait for Nayatra.’ 
Instead of digging further, In-gong said another answer he had prepared, 
"Then Sword Duke, I would like to learn more about Sura Heart Law.” 
“Hrmm... that is good. And I think Prince needs a little bit of organization.” 
“Organization?” 
"Yes. Various powers are mixed randomly in Prince’s body. It seems to be organized, but... it is very disorganized. I can at least help organize your aura.” 
In-gong used aura, magic power, psychic power, and divine power. Moreover, as the number of aura hearts increased, his system became more complicated. It was a situation where he needed to organize the traffic. 
“Thank you.” 
The sword duke raised his cup at In-gong’s words and said,
"I think it is better to talk about it tomorrow after returning to the Demon King’s Palace. Now, drink some more.” 
They exchanged a few more glasses. Then the sword duke suddenly asked in a sly voice,
“That reminds me. Between 6th Princess and 8th Princess, who is better? Ah, maybe you think the 4th Princess is better?” 
It was a sudden but also familiar question. In-gong recalled the face of 4th Queen Elaine, and the sword duke’s eyes narrowed. 
"Prince, it seems like you have received this question before.” 
Indeed, this was the sword duke. In-gong shrugged and replied,
"4th Queen asked me playfully.” 
“Hoh, 4th Queen.” 
The sword duke slowly stroked his beard. Somehow, there was a knowing expression in his gaze. 
‘What? Is there something else?’ 
Elaine's biggest weakness was Caitlin. Was this a sign that he knew about Caitlin’s birth secret? 
In-gong thought inwardly as the sword duke drained his cup. The sword duke refilled In-gong’s cup, as though saying that In-gong’s concerns were unfounded. 
&  
The white woman lifted her head in the darkness. Her red and blue eyes were gazing far away. 
Sanctuary... 
It was a place which hadn’t existed when the red dragon destroyed all civilization thousands of years ago. 
There was no connection to her. She couldn’t relate to it, yet the white woman could feel it. 
A voice was calling from beyond the ward in the centre of the village. 
It was a voice calling In-gong, not the white woman.
[
TL Note] 
The author has provided a drawing of Felicia below:



Previous Chapter




 Next Chapter







Chapter 181 - Chapter 37: Confluence
10,000 years ago, the Red Dragon of Apocalypse had destroyed all civilizations on the earth. 
The beautiful and glorious civilization of the indigenous species were completely lost to the world. 
It was strange. 
Drakon Kechatulla, the great dragon warrior, had fought against the red dragon by collecting all the power of the elder dragons of that time and had been finally able to defeat it. 
The red dragon had destroyed all civilizations but not the world. 
There were remnants of the indigenous species all over the world. The giants and lizardmen, species created by the indigenous species to fight against the Four Riders and the Red Dragon of the Apocalypse, had lost their first appearance but their bloodline continued. 
However, the bloodline of the indigenous species had died out completely; they had no descendants. 
What had replaced them? What had happened? 
There was almost no one left in the world who knew this truth. 
&  
The next morning, In-gong rushed out of the Sanctuary. It wasn’t due to the sword duke but because In-gong felt some strange. 
‘Conquest.’ 
He was able to sense the mood of the white woman deep in his soul. She wanted to leave the Sanctuary as soon as possible. 
The reason wasn’t clear. It was still difficult for In-gong to communicate with Conquest. Sometimes he could sense Conquest’s feelings, but at present, she was more difficult than usual. She closed her eyes and seemed to be trembling with anxiety. 
'Is it because of the Sanctuary?’ 
In-gong couldn’t think of any other reason. 
He left the Sanctuary with the sword duke and ran toward the cave with the transportation formation. They left the silver top and crossed the snowy field. 
There was something the sword duke hadn’t told In-gong yet. 
In-gong cut off his thoughts and looked ahead. As the distance from the Sanctuary increased, Conquest’s mood improved. 
Once they arrived at the cave, the boy and girl from yesterday welcomed the sword duke. They talked in the sura language, but this time, In-gong didn’t feel any discomfort because he had already learnt it. 
The sword duke gave a few orders to the boy and girl before guiding In-gong to a room next to the transportation formation. It seemed to be a naturally created room, but the word ‘training’ flashed through his head.
"Prince, please sit comfortably on the magic circle in the center of the room. I will finish organizing your aura before returning to the castle.” 
“I understand.” 
Instead of explaining things one by one, he was going to move the aura directly. 
‘That is much better.’ 
In-gong was more accustomed to knowledge being pounded into his body, rather than learning one by one. 
He sat down, and the sword duke immediately sat behind him. 
"Prince, take off your coat and circulate it naturally as you normally do. I will slowly intervene.” 
After taking off his coat, In-gong started to circulate his aura. Then a white aura started to rise around In-gong’s body. 
The sword duke held back a laugh. It had been only a few months since he first encountered In-gong at Thunderdoom Fortress, but the aura couldn’t even be compared to that time. It had grown tremendously in quantity and quality. 
The sword duke breathed in and raised both palms to In-gong’s back. Not long after, he once again felt in awe. 
It wasn’t because In-gong’s skin was very white and smooth. It was the circulation of aura occurring inside In-gong’s body which amazed the sword duke. 
He already knew In-gong had several aura hearts. So, it wasn’t surprising since the sword duke and demon king also had many hearts. However, he was more surprised than expected when he looked directly at the circulation. 
In-gong had three aura hearts. 
He had a natural aura heart, the Moonlight Core, and the dragon heart, which was the most mysterious one. 
The sword duke hadn’t realized the dragon heart was in In-gong’s body, but the surprises didn’t end there. 
The dragon heart wasn’t only involved in aura circulation. Magic power poured out of the dragon heart and interlocked with the other aura hearts. 
The magic power simulated an aura heart, making it four aura hearts instead of three. 
As the number of aura hearts grew, the benefits would increase in two ways. One advantage was that the volume of aura would increase. The other was that the aura would become stronger and faster by connecting two aura hearts. 
The sword duke adjusted the way the aura hearts were connected so that In-gong’s circulation would improve. The result of the four aura hearts interlocking perfectly caused the sword duke’s heart to pound. 
That wasn’t all. The sword duke was once again impressed with In-gong’s aura. No, this time he was surprised. 
There weren’t just aura and magic power inside In-gong’s power. There was also psychic power and divine power. 
The sword duke already knew that there were many forces inside In-gong’s body. 
The movements of the psychic power and divine power deviated from the sword duke’s expectations. 
The two forces should be independent of the circulation of aura. However, it wasn’t like that. Both powers responded a little bit to the circulation of aura. 
It was only a small movement, and there was no effect on the circulation of aura. However, the sword duke read the possibilities. 
In-gong had already created a pseudo-heart made out of magic power. If so, there was a possibility for pseudo-hearts to be made out of psychic power and divine power. 
It might truly be possible, and if so, the aura hearts would be made up of four different powers. 
The sword duke swallowed his saliva. The pounding of his heart wasn’t enough. He couldn’t hide his excitement. 
Laughter emerged; it was uncontrollable laughter. 
‘Gandharva.’ 
No, it wasn’t just them. It was evident that something else was involved. 
The sword duke could feel the power of an elder dragon from the dragon heart. It made sense since the 9th Prince had some equipment of the elder dragons. 
The divinity of the gandharva, the dragon heart of an elder dragon, and the Moonlight Extract of the lycanthropes... 
However, it didn’t end there. There was still the most important thing remaining. 
‘Extreme Nothingness.’ 
The essence of nothingness which contained the demon king’s achievements. 
The seed was lodged in In-gong’s spirit. 
The sword duke was finally able to understand the demon king. He understood what the demon king had said about the torrent of destiny. 
Aura, magic power, psychic power, and divine power... 
If all four powers created an aura heart, there would be no limits. 
The sword duke broke off from his imagination. He was overly excited, but that would ruin In-gong’s aura circulation instead of helping it. 
‘There is a sense of commitment.’ 
Was it because the demon king acknowledged the child of the 5th Queen as his? 
The sword duke laughed and denied it. It wasn’t that. The demon king he knew wasn’t such a man. 
The sword duke concentrated his mind, and he poured his energy into arranging In-gong’s aura.
&  
"Did you wake up?" 
In-gong opened his eyes. He was still in the dim training room. The voice belonged to the sword duke, but the first thing he saw was Green Wind’s face. She pouted as she allowed In-gong to use her knees as a pillow. 
“Green Wind.” 
"Master, bah." 
Green Wind answered before disappearing into the wind. Thanks to that, In-gong fell to the ground with a low moan. 
The sword duke laughed at the sight before asking,
"Prince, did you do something to make your guardian angry?” 
"It was just a little joke.” 
In-gong touched the back of his head and raised his upper body. He saw the sword duke sitting with his back against a wall. The sword duke laughed again. 
"I think I understand. Those with Prince have to suffer a lot.” 
In-gong nodded as he thought about Felicia’s and Anastasia’s complaints. 
“Anyway, Prince, a day has already passed. Check it once.” 
The sword duke’s meaning was clear. In-gong circulated his aura immediately. Not long after, admiration flashed through his eyes. 
The flow of aura had nearly doubled. The amount of aura had also increased. 
“It is really amazing, Sword Duke.” 
"Prince is even more amazing. It is the first time I’ve ever seen a body like that.” 
It was at that moment that the clear voice of a woman resonated in In-gong’s head. 
[Divine Sura Authority - Wind Style has been upgraded to Transformed Wind Style.] 
[Divine Sura Authority - Lightning has been upgraded to Faithful Lightning.] 
[Divine Sura Authority - Great Mountain has been upgraded to Transformed Great Mountain.] 
“Ohh.” 
From the upgrades, it was obvious that the techniques had improved. Maybe the sword duke had injected the techniques while adjusting his aura. 
"Prince, I know you like it, but I think we need to hurry. This took longer than I expected.” 
The sword duke hadn’t expected to spend a whole day readjusting In-gong’s aura. So, he was already later than planned by a day. 
“I understand.” 
In-gong had little reason to delay returning to the Demon King’s Palace. If he delayed anymore, Felicia and Caitlin’s worry would only increase. 
The boy and girl gave a few rice balls to the sword duke and In-gong before preparing the transportation formation. In-gong devoured the rice balls as a light shone from the transportation formation. 
No more questions were needed. In-gong and the sword duke moved onto the transportation formation. 
&  
He opened his eyes to see the Black Castle instead of the cave. The sword duke stepped down from the transportation formation first and said, 
"Prince, I will go to the demon king. Don’t worry, I will definitely tell him about your merits.” 
“I’m not worried.” 
In-gong smiled gently. It seemed like the sword duke wanted to look at the demon king’s state. 
The sword duke knocked lightly against In-gong’s shoulder. 
"Go rest. Give my regards to the other princes and princesses.” 
“Thank you, Sword Duke.” 
The sword duke didn’t say anything else and disappeared like the wind. Instead of hanging around the Black Castle, In-gong used the newly learnt Transformed Wind Style to head back to the mansion. His speed was much faster than before. 
As he ran, he checked the time on the mini-map and saw that it was 8:32 p.m. 
'It is late.’ 
Caitlin and Felicia would be resting at their mansions, so it was too late to call on them now. It wasn’t midnight yet, but it had been awhile since their meal was over. 
‘Let’s be satisfied with seeing Carack and Karma today.’ 
He would tell the news to the children of the demon king tomorrow morning. 
As soon as he arrived at the mansion, he opened his mini-map out of habit, and his eyes widened instantly. 
In-gong headed toward the terrace instead of the door, just like the sword duke. He opened the large window of the reception room and laughed. 
“What, everybody’s gathered?” 
It wasn’t just Carack and Karma. Felicia and Caitlin were also sitting on the sofas. 
Felicia and Caitlin, who were sitting down and reading books, jumped out of their seats and ran to In-gong. 
“Shutra!” 
“Are you okay? You aren’t hurt anywhere?” 
Caitlin hugged In-gong, while Felicia, who missed out, shrugged and examined him with her eyes. 
In-gong hugged Caitlin tightly before looking at Felicia. 
"Were the two of you waiting here?” 
In-gong had spent roughly three days at the Sanctuary. The thought of them waiting here for three days caused his heart to throb. 
"It is because you disappeared suddenly.” 
"Unni was very worried.” 
Caitlin smiled at Felicia’s words. As expected, Felicia covered her face with her fan, while a bitter voice spoke out from behind her, 
"Shutra, don’t forget that we are also here.” 
"Can’t you see us?” 
It was Silvan and Chris. The two of them stared over at In-gong with sulky expressions. 
"Yes, Hyungs are also here.” 
Chris frowned at the soulless answer, while Silvan was already used to it and just laughed.  
"I’ll tell you just once, but we were also very worried.” 
"I wasn’t.” 
Chris grunted angrily, and In-gong decided to go over. Then another voice was heard from the side. 
"Prince, we are here too.” 
Carack and Karma... In-gong really felt at home when he saw Carack’s smile which exposed Carack’s charming fangs. 
It was at that moment that Caitlin, who was still holding In-gong, suddenly pushed her nose against his chest and sniffed. 
“Caitlin?” 
Felicia was aghast, but Caitlin didn’t stop. She sniffed some more before raising her head with bright eyes. 
"Shutra smells very good.” 
Then Caitlin started sniffing again. Felicia shrugged and said,
"Caitlin, Shutra is a gandharva and inherently smells good... Did the smell get better?” 
Felicia’s eyes flashed. She didn’t sniff like Caitlin but collected the smell using her fan. As the two sisters made a fuss, Silvan and Chris joined, and both of them made a startled expression. 
"Prince, did you roll around in a flower bed before coming here?” 
In-gong shrugged at Carack’s question before turning to Felicia. 
"Noona, can you prepare a ward for that? I don’t want the smell or any sound to escape from this room.” 
Felicia narrowed her eyes, but she nodded easily as she was already familiar with this request. 
She prepared the ward, while Caitlin and Chris sniffed him. They really liked the scent. 
"It is done.” 
A translucent membrane wrapped around the room, while In-gong, his siblings, Carack, Karma, and Delia sat on the couch. 
"I want to give a gift to everyone.” 
"A gift?" 
Felicia made a puzzled sound. They thought he wanted to talk about the place where the sword duke had taken him. 
While everyone was confused, Carack suddenly clapped his hands and said with an excited voice, 
"Prince, perhaps?” 
"I know what you are thinking, and it isn’t wrong. Just wait a minute.” 
As expected, Carack noticed quickly. In-gong used a hand gesture to calm Carack down and took a deep breath. 
"Spiritualism, Four Heavenly Kings.” 
In-gong didn’t care about using Spiritualism at this time. As the divinity of Dhrtarastra strengthened, his hair became black and long like when he fought against Abseltur. 
The room was filled with a heavenly scent. 
Everyone on the sofas couldn’t help exclaiming. They looked at In-gong with charmed expressions, proving that Green Wind’s words weren’t incorrect. 
Felicia’s face reddened. Chris swallowed his saliva unintentionally, while Silvan’s eyes widened. 
“Amazing...” 
Caitlin muttered. 
It was a somewhat burdensome reaction. However, In-gong just showed an attractive smile before taking out some glasses from his inventory and placing them on the table. 
'It should be with some alcohol.’ 
In-gong followed up with some alcohol from the Dragon Temple. It wasn’t possible for them to suck his fingers like Green Wind, and he was afraid for his blood supply. 
'This is almost like a drug.’ 
In-gong concentrated divine power on his right hand, then he triggered the skill he learnt when he became a divine humanoid. 
In-gong wounded his fingertip with an aura blade and dropped a few drops of blood into the alcohol. As he became wounded, a new fragrance spread which caused everybody to drool. 
Thanks to the Lycanthrope Tears, there was no need for magic healing. As soon as his finger injury healed, In-gong turned off Spiritualism and looked at everyone. 
"This is special. I guarantee the taste.” 
Carack was the only one who had tasted In-gong’s blood, so he was greatly excited. However, rather than handing out the cups, In-gong only raised one. He had already decided who would taste first. 
“Green Wind.” 
In-gong called out to Green Wind. She appeared with a still sulky expression and said,
"Master is bad.” 
It was as expected. In-gong said slyly, 
“Am I still good?” 
There was a long wait. Green Wind couldn’t help smiling and approaching In-gong. 
"Still good." 
Her whisper was pleasant. In-gong patted Green Wind’s head gently and handed her the first cup. 
&  
"So, in summary, you went somewhere that you can’t tell us... No, you became stronger?” 
“Yes.”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 182 - Chapter 37: Confluence #2
"So, in summary, you went somewhere that you can’t tell us... No, you became stronger?” 
“Yes.” 
Felicia sighed at In-gong’s blunt answer, then she asked again in a pleasant voice,
"How long are you going to keep becoming stronger?” 
“I have to become stronger to protect Noona.” 
In-gong said shamelessly. Felicia blushed and turned her head away. 
"Hey, what are you saying?” 
Felicia covered her red face with her fan and told him not to tease her. Still, she looked fairly happy. 
"Felicia, Oppa as well. Oppa will also become stronger to protect Felicia.” 
Silvan jumped in and held Felicia’s hand tightly. He gazed at her with truly passionate eyes. 
“Yes.” 
This time, it was Felicia who replied bluntly. It was a soulless answer which didn’t conceal any embarrassment. However, Silvan just formed tight fists and became determined again, causing Chris to click his tongue. Then Chris spoke in a sharp voice, 
"Shutra, do you need to keep the place a secret from us?” 
There were hidden meanings in his words. Additionally, there were some signs of disappointment. 
All the people gathered here were strong supporters of In-gong. Moreover, he didn’t want to keep it a secret from Felicia, Caitlin, or anyone else. 
However, it couldn’t be helped. 
"This is the sword duke’s request. Sorry, Hyung.” 
In fact, the sword duke had stated it many times. On the road to the Sanctuary and inside it, the sword duke had stated that the other Sanctuary inside the sanctuary of the sura was the most important secret. 
"Hmm, then it can’t be helped.” 
Chris stepped back after hearing the name of the sword duke. Although he didn’t have an official position in the Demon King’s Palace, the only one who surpassed his authority was the demon king. 
After finishing this conversation to a certain extent, Caitlin’s hand immediately shot into the air. She looked like a young student asking a teacher something. 
"Shutra, how did you get stronger? Can you tell us this?” 
Her shining eyes were full of curiosity. Felicia, Silvan, and Chris also looked at In-gong with interest. 
In-gong nodded and said,
"The sword duke organized my aura. And... my power as a gandharva was strengthened through ancestral regression.” 
“Sword Duke?” 
"Ancestral regression?” 
Two voices spoke at the same time. They belonged to Silvan and Chris. 
'Indeed, Silvan and Chris.’ 
However, like Chris, Felicia and Caitlin seemed more curious about the ancestral regression. 
In-gong decided to explain it as concisely as possible. 
"The members of the Eight Legions, including the gandharva, were divine beings. I became closer to this existence through ancestral regression.” 
Although he didn’t talk about the method of how he received the ancestral regression, the reason why he had become stronger was clarified. 
Felicia recalled the mighty divine power that In-gong had emanated and nodded. Chris made a joking expression and said with a smile, 
"It sounds ridiculous, but... I believe it if it is Shutra.” 
This hadn’t happened just once or twice. Chris had already decided to give up after In-gong received the Moonlight Core. 
Felicia wasn’t much different. From the beginning, she was much more involved with In-gong than Chris. She was surprised so many times that her heart couldn’t stand it. 
'Should we change his nickname from Disturbance Shutra to Strange Fate Shutra?’ 
Felicia thought to herself. Caitlin raised her hand again and asked, 
"Then Shutra, you taste delicious. Are all gandharva delicious?” 
Caitlin asked the straightforward question. Once again, all the children of the demon king seemed interested. Carack and Karma also had curiosity in their expressions. 
In-gong was perplexed since their gazes seemed more intense than compared to when he had been talking about the ancestral regression. However, he pushed that thought away and replied, 
"No, nothing like that... I am an unusual case. If I don’t activate Spiritualism and melt aura, magic power, and divine power, then I won’t taste like that.” 
It wasn’t really an exaggeration. Even prior to receiving divinity, his body fluids were much more delicious than normal gandharva. It was absolutely impossible for ordinary gandharva to imitate the taste in his divine state. 
'Of course, I haven’t met other gandharva.’ 
However, it was probably right. Additionally, somehow, it seemed like he would deal a huge blow to the survival of the gandharva if he answered wrongly here. 
"Too bad.” 
Chris, who was the wildest beast in the room, clicked his tongue with disappointment. It seemed like he was thinking back to the taste. 
Caitlin also seemed disappointed as her shoulders slumped, but it was only for a moment. She shook her head and said with a bright voice, 
"I still like Shutra’s scent. Is anything other than your blood delicious?” 
"Eung.” 
In-gong coughed and blocked Caitlin’s next words. In order to prevent a dangerous topic, he quickly talked about something else. 
"Rather, I have one more thing to offer Caitlin noona and Chris hyung."
“Offer?” 
Chris’s eyes narrowed as he frowned slightly. In-gong exchanged glances with Felicia before responding. Although they didn’t use message magic, the two people were able to understand the meaning in their eyes. 
As he read permission in Felicia’s gaze, In-gong let out a relieved sigh. He faced Chris and Caitlin and said, 
"It is about a knight appointment.” 
"Surprisingly, Felicia noonim and Silvan are already your knights?” 
Chris spoke in a disbelieving voice after In-gong explained. 
It was because of Felicia. 
Felicia was designated to become the ruler of the dark elves. It was unthinkable that she would become subordinate to someone else under a magic contract. 
As she read the censure in Chris’ eyes, Felicia spoke in a small voice, 
"It was to save Silvan. And... I don’t regret it. It was the best choice.” 
Although it might seem like an excuse, Chris no longer pushed Felicia. It wasn’t up to Chris to worry about Felicia’s decision. 
Chris just nodded before turning back to In-gong. 
"Shutra, I will help you so that you can become the demon king. I am also interested in becoming stronger as your knight. But I can’t. I will be the king of the lycanthropes. I can’t be subjugated by someone else.” 
"I understand, Hyung.” 
Felicia wouldn’t have become In-gong’s knight if it wasn’t for Silvan’s life being in danger. So, it was greedy to expect Chris to become his knight. 
“But the story is different when it comes to Caitlin.” 
Chris said, while In-gong tried to maintain his composure. In fact, In-gong had been aiming for Caitlin in the first place. Chris was the future king of the lycanthropes, but Caitlin’s position was different. 
"Caitlin, you can do what you want.” 
Chris declared before burying himself deeply in the sofa. Caitlin exchanged glances with Felicia before turning to him. She took a deep breath and declared with a firm expression, 
“I will become Shutra’s knight.” 
“Thank you, Noona.” 
The level of the King’s Knights had risen at the 12th base, so there were two new places. One of those places would now be filled by Caitlin. 
Caitlin got off the sofa and knelt down on the floor. She raised a hand to her chest and bowed to In-gong. 
A child of the demon king was becoming the knight of another child. It would be a strange matter if it were declared to the outside world. 
In-gong stood up as well and pulled a sword from his inventory. It was an ancient sword he had brought back from the Dragon Temple. 
"Caitlin Moonlight, I appoint you as my knight." 
He said as he placed the sword on Caitlin’s shoulder. The power of Conquest was triggered. The power of Conquest went through the sword and enveloped Caitlin’s entire body. 
It was almost like all the others, but something was different. In-gong and Caitlin could feel it. 
The two people were already strongly linked through the Moonlight Core and Starlight Core. Then the power of Conquest was added. So, the situation turned out different from the others. 
‘Conquer.’ 
The white woman whispered. Along with her voice, the power of Conquest at In-gong’s fingertips became more powerful. 
Caitlin didn’t resist; she accepted In-gong’s power of Conquest. 
[Caitlin Moonlight has been conquered.] 
[The power of the Conquest Knight has increased.] 
[The King's Knights: the number of apostle upgrades has increased to two.] 
In-gong felt the power of Conquest strengthening. The power of the King’s Knights became stronger, causing all his knights—except Chris—to become stronger. 
Caitlin raised her head which was wrapped in a white light. The white Conquest Coat of Arms appeared on her forehead. 
"How does it feel? Is it strange?” 
In-gong returned the sword and raised Caitlin up. Caitlin thought about the question before smiling happily. 
“Great.” 
&  
By the time Caitlin’s appointment as a knight was over, it was really late. All the children of the demon king returned to their mansions, and Karma went to her room, leaving only In-gong and Carack behind. 
"Well, there is something awkward, but I have to report it. There are many things that occurred without Prince... Why are you looking like that?” 
"No, I’m just glad that Carack is my aide.” 
Carack shivered and shrugged at In-gong’s words. 
"Don’t act like I’m one of the princesses. Nasty.” 
"Then please tell me the report.” 
“Understood.” 
In-gong and Carack laughed before discussing what had happened within the Demon King’s Palace during the last three days. 
"So, it’s confirmed that three days after the court gathering, we will be dispatched to the north?” 
“Yes. As 4th Princess and 6th Prince guessed previously, all the princes and princesses are to be dispatched to the north. I’m sure there will be an official statement from the Merits Department.” 
A lot of preparation was needed before leaving for the north. They had to wait for the new court gathering, and the period of preparation could be too slow, so everyone received notifications in advance. 
“The north.” 
In-gong could imagine a big invasion from beyond the limit line. The movements in the north were unusual. 
In-gong was reminded of the Death Knight and War Knight. If a large invasion were to actually occur, then the two of them were likely to be involved. 
"And Prince, there is good news. General Vandal has returned to the Demon King’s Palace.” 
"General Vandal?” 
"He seems to have finished cleaning up Evian. There was a separate letter stating that he will leave the army and move with Prince after returning to the Demon King’s Palace.” 
It was good timing. If being sent to the north was truly to prepare for a great invasion, the nature of the mission would be different from all the previous ones. In-gong had to organize his own army. 
"It would be great if you make an army around Vandal.” 
In-gong agreed. It was possible to create an independent unit if he used the rewards collected so far generously. 
"There is an organizational chart that I made in advance. Prince should review it once. I’ll see you tomorrow morning.” 
Carack said quickly. In-gong nodded with a pleased expression and said suddenly,
“Carack.” 
"What is it?” 
"I'm really lucky to have met you." 
Looking at In-gong’s sincere voice and eyes, Carack shook his head and said with a sigh,
"Prince, you really have become someone who tries to lead people astray. Is this a change due to the ancestral regression?” 
"Well... maybe I have an incubus ancestor instead of a gandharva?” 
In-gong said with a smile, and Carack chuckled. 
&  
"I don't want to! Why do I have to look at it once again? I have no reason to put that heart in White Eagle! Are you trying to exploit my labour?! This scammer!” 
"I will give you another drink.” 
"Leave it to this Amita!”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 183 - Chapter 37: Confluence #3
The next afternoon, In-gong visited Amita’s workshop. There was the matter of modifying the fourth elder dragon equipment, El Ragra, but he also had some things he wanted to entrust to Amita. 
However, Amita started rampaging as soon as In-gong brought up a new request. 
"I don't want to! Why do I have to look at it again? I have no reason to put that heart in White Eagle! Are you trying to exploit my labour! This scammer!” 
In-gong had two new requests. One was to repair the Giant King's Sword, while the other was to insert Abseltur’s heart into White Eagle. 
Amita looked quite angry as they tapped their tail on the ground, but In-gong still had a relaxed expression on his face. He knew this was going to happen and had given Amita the ‘Heavenly Wine’ in advance. 
Moreover, Amita was also peeking at him during their tantrum like they had been expecting it. In-gong smiled villainously and said, 
"I will give you another drink.” 
"Leave it to this Amita!” 
Amita jumped up and was ready to begin work immediately. It was the most ambitious In-gong had ever seen them. 
'What a fearsome power.’ 
Looking at the present situation, it seemed like he would be able to keep using Amita, even if he didn’t use the excuse of the last flame. 
‘It is like when I knew they liked sweets.’ 
In-gong nodded and turned toward Daphne next to him. She was dedicated to taking care of Amita. 
“I will also prepare a share for Daphne. You have gone through a lot of trouble.” 
“Not at all. I am always happy to help Prince.” 
Daphne said with red cheeks. The tips of her toes wriggled as though she too wanted to jump around with joy, like Amita. 
In-gong laughed and took out the Giant King's Sword and White Eagle from his inventory. 
"Then I will leave it to you.” 
"Just leave it to me!” 
Amita smiled as their tail waved. It was the first time In-gong had ever seen Amita like this. 
‘Is it because they have a strong appetite or is the Heavenly Wine truly so great?’ 
It felt more like the latter. 
‘So, I shouldn’t abuse it.’ 
He would give a small bottle to the 3rd Queen and 4th Queen, but that was it. It was better to hide the recipe as well. 
‘It will be a problem for me, but it will also be a big deal if the gandharva are damaged.’ 
Ordinary gandharvas had a good smell. Although their body fluids weren’t as delicious as In-gong’s, he didn’t know if it would add some flavour. 
In-gong nodded as he remembered some wildlife which had become endangered due to overfishing. He could be overreacting, but it was always better to be careful. 
Carack, Felicia, and Delia were waiting at the entrance of the workshop. 
"Is it done?” 
"Yes, I have never seen Amita look so passionate.” 
In-gong smiled as he explained. Felicia shook her head like it was ridiculous. 
“Hah. Oh, my god. Shutra, you let them drink it this morning on purpose?” 
Felicia knew that Amita’s morning breakfast had included the Heavenly Wine. In-gong shrugged and replied,
"Well, a little bit?" 
“Shutra, you are terrible.” 
Felicia shook her head in disbelief and sighed. Although In-gong’s Heavenly Wine wasn’t bad, there was a lot of room for abuse. 
In-gong asked Felicia,
"Noona, do you want more?” 
He had made quite a lot yesterday, so he still had some to spare. Carack and Delia’s eyes shone at In-gong’s suggestion, but Felicia’s reaction was different. 
"Uhh... it is okay. I want to drink it, but I can bear it.” 
It was Delia who was the most shocked at Felicia’s words, but no one noticed it except for Carack. In-gong made a questioning sound and asked, 
“Why?” 
If it were Felicia, In-gong wouldn’t add any conditions like he had done with Amita. 
Felicia opened her mouth several times before finally speaking. 
"It isn’t that easy to make the Heavenly Wine right? You have to use Spiritualism and then melt divine power and divinity. You also have to shed blood. No matter how delicious it is, I don’t want to force Shutra to do anything unreasonable." 
Felicia was a good magician and knew about the meaning of blood. 
Blood was the essence of life and the soul. It wasn’t just a simple body fluid. 
After saying this, Felicia exhaled. Her heart wanted to taste the Heavenly Wine everyday, but she had to endure it. 
It was at this moment that In-gong suddenly took hold of Felicia’s hand. 
“Shutra?” 
Felicia asked with surprise as In-gong stared at her. Then he dragged Felicia into an embrace. 
"I only have Noona. Felicia noona is the best.” 
Who else would give up the Heavenly Wine for him? Even the dignified Green Wind had asked him for more. 
“Hrmm.” 
Felicia reacted like she had always done, but she didn’t push In-gong away. Instead, she just smiled. 
‘I-I also don’t want Master to do anything unreasonable.’ 
Green Wind whispered in In-gong’s ears. However, instead of saying thank you, In-gong replied bluntly,. 
'Aren’t those just words?’ 
‘Hiing.’ 
Green Wind’s past actions contradicted her words. 
After teasing Green Wind a few more times through their mental connection, In-gong released Felicia from his arms. She looked disappointed, while Carack clicked his tongue and said, 
"Prince, it is impressive, but it is now time to move on.” 
"Of course. Let’s go to the Merits Department.” 
There were many things to prepare before the next court gathering. Felicia tidied up her clothing and said, 
"Are we supposed to meet Caitlin and Chris at the Merits Department?” 
"Uh, I have decided to meet the 4th Queen after the work at the Merits Department is finished.” 
4th Queen Elaine Moonlight was currently staying at the Demon King’s Palace. However, it wasn’t just her. All the other queens had also decided not to leave the Demon King’s Palace until the next court gathering, due to the unusual cancellation of the previous one. 
"Hrmm." 
Felicia thought for a moment before asking,
"Shutra, if we are going to the north, do you want to go through the territory of the dark elves? It would be a good idea because we will be able to get some support from the dark elves. 
She brought up the idea she had suggested before it had been decided that he would be sent to Curtis. The home of the dark elves was in the north, so it was possible to go through there like Felicia said. 
“That isn’t bad. I want to go to the palace of the dark elves.” 
“Okay, then it is decided. I will tell Omamama.” 
Felicia nodded at In-gong’s answer. She wanted to make sure that it really happened. 
"Princess is the reason why Prince looks so good.” 
Carack said with a laugh, and Felicia quickly opened her fan. Delia just smiled like she had already given up. 
"Then Noona, what do you think about the organizational chart that Carack made?” 
In-gong asked Felicia as they walked towards the entrance of the mansion. She had been talking about it with Carack while waiting for In-gong. 
“Not bad. I think it is pretty good. It feels like a high-mobility unit?” 
"It is to take advantage of Prince’s maneuverability skills. The army needs to be very fast to follow Prince.” 
Carack added. 
Felicia agreed with Carack’s concept. The first condition was that all the members would be mounted. 
She couldn’t help laughing as she recalled ‘faster than the wind’. It felt like she would be exhausted again when they headed to the Northern Limit Line. 
Felicia turned toward In-gong and spoke once again, 
"A high-mobility unit can be created using the golems that can only be found at the Demon King’s Palace. The number of them will be small, but is that really so bad? I think it would be good to have a small number of elites. But there is one problem.” 
"The cost?" 
"That's right, if you want to implement a unit like this, you will need of merits and riches.” 
Carack had planned an independent unit consisting of only 100 people. Considering the size of the armies at the Demon King’s Palace, the number itself was small but each one of them would need to be an elite. They would also need extraordinary equipment normal soldiers wouldn’t be able to afford. 
In fact, when In-gong first saw the estimated cost then, he had thought it was impossible. However, when he looked carefully, he saw that it was viable. 
"I’m not lacking in merits or wealth if I count all the treasures I’ve collected. I’ve explored a few ruins with Noona. There is also Amita to create the equipment.” 
It was also possible to use the equipment taken from Thunderdoom Fortress. 
In-gong had gained many merits with every mission. Moreover, the gap between achievements was short, so he hadn’t spent the merits on many things. 
‘I couldn’t do this in Knight Saga.' 
He had gained merits in several months which would have taken him a few years in Knight Saga. 
Felicia nodded with satisfaction at In-gong’s words. She had accompanied In-gong on almost all his missions, so she was as familiar with his merits as Carack. 
"Hmm, okay. I like it. Will the commander of the independent unit by Vandal?” 
"Yes, does Noona agree?” 
“Yes.” 
Being the leader of an independent, high-mobility unit was the best position for Vandal. 
"Vandal said that he will arrive at the Demon King’s Palace tomorrow morning.” 
Carack interrupted with important information. Then In-gong boarded the carriage with Felicia and suddenly recalled Sektum... 
One of his three most loved subordinates in Knight Saga. 
In-gong currently had Nayatra and Vandal. However, he didn’t know the whereabouts of Sektum, the last one. 
'I have to find Sektum.’ 
In-gong wanted to obtain him. 
After worrying about it for a little bit, In-gong then arranged his thoughts. Now that he had a lot of power to mobilize, it was time to concentrate on the search for Sektum. 
The carriage In-gong and Felicia were in headed to the Merits Department. 
Then the next morning, Vandal arrived at the Demon King’s Palace. 
&  
Zephyr’s gaze moved to a place far away.  He was riding a nightmare while Sektum and Quanta were standing behind him. (TL: The nightmare here uses a different Korean word, so it is different from the succubi and incubi)
Unlike Sektum who was in a relatively free state, Quanta was heavily restrained. She still looked like a gandharva, and all her limbs were restrained. She couldn’t see due to being blindfolded and she was gagged. The only freedom she was allowed was her hearing. 
Sektum followed Zephyr’s gaze. There was a group approaching. 
They wore cloaks which signified they were knights from the Erebos Church. 
Everyone was wearing thick armour and helmets which covered their entire faces, so they couldn’t be distinguished as male or female. However, there was one person among them whose age and gender were both recognizable. 
A young woman was riding on a black unicorn. Sektum had never met her before, but he could figure her out her identity with one glance. 
Dark Saintess Altesia... 
She was dressed in gold and had long, beautiful black hair reminiscent of the night. Sektum couldn’t see the colour of her eyes because they were covered with a black cloth. However, according to rumours, they were golden like the moon in the night sky. 
Her pale white skin emphasized her beauty, and there was a small smile on her face as she gazed at Zephyr. 
Altesia bowed slightly like they were close acquaintances, while Zephyr frowned and drove the nightmare toward her. Altesia spoke first,
“Isn’t this too stiff? I am still your fiancee.” 
Sektum’s eyes widened at the lively voice. The Saintess of Erebos was engaged to the 2nd Prince? 
However, instead of kissing his fiancee’s hand, Zephyr frowned. 
“I have no memory of an engagement with you.” 
“The great Erebos has decided it. You are the protagonist that the oracle mentioned.” 
Altesia spoke again, and Zephyr sighed. After turning to look at the 20 knights behind Altesia, he asked her in a loud voice,
"Are you going to join me?” 
"I will join you.” 
Altesia replied happily. She had ridden to the far north to be with Zephyr. Erebos’ oracle had pointed toward him. 
Zephyr allowed Altesia to join his group, then he headed to the north with her. 
&  
The Death Knight looked toward the south. 
The War Knight was approaching. 
Death felt War’s presence. Famine’s power was also growing, despite still being weak. 
It wasn’t just the Four Riders of the Apocalypse who were gathering. 
From the far south, the dragon warrior raised by Guardian Queian was heading to the north. 
One of the singularities, 2nd Prince Zephyr Ragnaros, was also approaching the northern area called the Aegis Gate. 
And the last one, the Conquest Knight, chosen by the loved and hated Conquest, was also heading to the north. 
The Death Knight was patient. So, he waited a little bit longer. He had already been waiting 1,000 years for this. 
The northernmost area of the Demon World. 
The protagonists were gathering. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 184 - Chapter 38: Dispatch
The day of the court gathering was bright. 
The fact that all four of the existing queens were participating attracted the attention of many, but the cancellation of the first one was an unusual event which made it even more interesting. 
"What does Unni know? Is Abamama okay?” 
Felicia asked as she sat on a chair in the waiting room. Anastasia, who was more graceful than anyone else there, turned gently and faced Felicia. 
Anastasia was dressed in a light blue dress and had her usual calm vibe. Her hair, reminiscent of the sky, was raised and fixed with a white hairpin, exposing a long white neck which would cause any man to gulp. 
"I don’t know anything.” 
It was a very simple answer, but it was special due to her elegant gestures. However, no one in the waiting room blinked an eye at Anastasia’s elegant charm. 
Chris snorted and spoke in a growling voice,
“Rather, Anastasia noonim, why are you using the same waiting room as us?” 
Caitlin’s and Felicia’s expressions changed subtly at his hostile attitude. Anastasia shrugged and stared straight at Chris with her purple eyes. 
"Chris, is it strange to want to use the waiting room of my dear siblings?” 
She spoke gently, like it was strange that she would need any justification to be there. Anastasia’s appearance, voice, and gestures had the power to control the mood. 
‘As expected from the head of a faction.’ 
In armed forces, Baikal and Zephyr outnumbered Anastasia. However, they weren’t her opponents in the political field. Anastasia had the largest number of concubine children on her side. 
Chris didn’t have any words to refute Anastasia because she had brought about a strange atmosphere. 
Anastasia smiled gently at Chris before shifting her gaze. This time, it fell on In-gong and Carack who were sitting side by side on a sofa. 
"By the way, Shutra, you smell very good. No, the scent seems to have become deeper?” 
As a succubus, she was very sensitive to smell. She seemed to have noticed the pheromones hidden in In-gong’s scent. 
Instead of explaining, In-gong just smiled, while Caitlin spoke up,
"Anastasia unni, Shutra doesn’t just smell good.” 
“Really? Then what else?” 
Anastasia replied warmly, instinctively aware that Caitlin wanted to become closer to her. She placed her hand on Caitlin’s back, and that seemed to break down the wall in Caitlin’s heart. 
Caitlin laughed and said,
“Shutra is de-.” 
"De?” 
Anastasia smiled as Caitlin looked desperately at Felicia. Fortunately, Caitlin had realized her mistake as soon as she spoke and forced herself to change the words. 
"It is better when he smells like delicious food.” 
“Huh?” 
Anastasia replied with a confused expression. Felicia sighed with relief and jumped up from seat, forcing Anastasia’s gaze to turn toward her. Just then, a voice came through as though someone was helping Felicia. It was news that it was time to enter the court gathering. 
"Wah, it is time to enter. Everyone hurry.” 
Felicia spoke awkwardly, but all the children of the demon king, except Anastasia, responded quickly. They got up and headed toward the door, forcing Anastasia to set aside her curiosity for the moment. 
As usual, the court gathering was carried out in order of age. As Anastasia entered the court gathering, In-gong let out a sigh. He had already experienced it several times, but he still couldn’t help the pounding of his heart every time he entered. 
“9th Prince, Shutra Ignus.” 
He entered the court gathering as he heard Isabella’s voice. In-gong stepped forward slowly with Carack. There were more people than usual because the queens were participating. 
In-gong naturally moved the focus of his aura to strengthen his eyesight, observing the demon king on the podium as he walked forward. 
‘Was it not too bad?’ 
The demon king’s appearance looked almost the same as the other court gatherings. He was watching his children with an expressionless face. 
It seemed like his illness hadn’t reached a serious level yet. 
‘It is fortunate.’ 
In-gong was sincerely relieved as he bowed to the demon king and queens. Then he moved to his position on Caitlin’s right side. 
Isabella started announcing In-gong’s merits. Since there were so many merits, there were many things to announce. Therefore, In-gong focused on observing the queens. 
Due to fairness, the queens were sitting side by side on a lower podium, instead of to the left and right of the demon king. Since they were sitting in order from 1st Queen to 4th Queen, In-gong didn’t get the 1st Queen and 2nd Queen confused. 
Just like in Knight Saga, 1st Queen Aishar Ragnaros gave off a very calm impression. Regardless of whether it was because 1st Prince Baikal Ragnaros and 2nd Prince Zephyr Ragnoros weren’t around or because she had no interest in the court gatherings in the first place, the 1st Queen was just sitting quietly with a downward gaze.  
Her hair was blood red like Baikal’s and Zephyr’s, and the horns above her pointed ears were dark yellow. The pearl dress she wore was just as modest as Anastasia’s, but the 1st Queen was reminiscent of a slender flower on top of a cliff. 
2nd Queen Titania Nekrion was completely different from the 1st Queen. If 1st Queen Aishar was the calm autumn, then 2nd Queen Titania was the passionate summer. 
Titania looked similar to Anastasia, but the impression she gave off was quite different. It was just like Caitlin and her mother. Unlike Anastasia who gave off a graceful and noble impression, Titania wore a violet dress and seemed to be the personification of sensuality. 
Titania moved her long blonde hair as she gazed down at the demon king’s children. There was a strange power in her purple eyes which could enchant the mind. 
The Tears of a Dark Elf, which boasted absolute defense against mental attacks, was unable to stop the Succubus Queen Titania’s bewitchment. Titania had the fearsome power to beguile a person just by looking at them sternly. However, due to the Succubus Tears Anastasia had given him, In-gong could turn his eyes away easily. 
In-gong glanced toward 3rd Queen Sylvia Doomblade and almost laughed. Unlke the other queens who were watching the children of the demon king, Sylvia kept on glancing back at the demon king. She seemed to be concerned for him. 
‘Cute.’ 
In-gong arranged his expression and looked toward 4th Queen Elaine Moonlight. She glanced his way and greeted him by slightly moving her hand on the armrest. She didn’t care about the gazes of others. Rather, she was making the behaviour obvious. 
The eyes of the 2nd Queen turned to the 4th Queen. 4th Queen Elaine just laughed as though she was happy to receive the 2nd Queen’s attention. Their eyes clashed over the 3rd Queen, who was busy watching the demon king. 
"That concludes the report of 9th Prince’s merits.” 
At that moment, Isabella’s announcement of the merits was over. After that, it was the same as usual. 
&  
"It is as we had expected. The children of the demon king will gather in the north.” 
Chris said with a ferocious smile as they returned to the waiting room. His two beast-like eyes seemed to be seeing Baikal and Zephyr who were already in the north, instead of everyone else in the waiting room. 
Felicia was usually the one to reply to Chris, but this time she remained silent. She sat on the couch and gave a long sigh of relief. 
"I’m glad that Abamama seems well.” 
She had watched the demon king throughout the entire court gathering. In-gong couldn’t help smiling, and Caitlin blinked at the sight. 
“Shutra, what is it?” 
"No, it is just really similar.” 
While Anastasia and Caitlin were quite different from their mothers, Felicia was really similar to 3rd Queen Sylvia. 
Chris spoke again,
"Anyway, Shutra, when are you going to start? This time, we don’t need to rush because the time period is quite long.” 
They only had to arrive at the north within a month. As far as missions went, it was the one with the most generous preparation time so far. 
Felicia recovered her spirit at Chris’ words and spoke in a loud voice, 
"Shutra is going to the Sky Forest with me. So, we will be leaving a little earlier than usual.” 
Chris’ eyes widened at her words. 
“The home of the dark elves?” 
The Sky Forest was the home of the dark elves and the land where the first fairy king had found the fairy a long time ago. 
"Yes, it is a previous promise. I’ve already told Omamama.” 
"Felicia, don’t forget that this Oppa is going with you.” 
Silvan declared boldly after Felicia spoke, but no one paid attention to him. 
As poor Silvan was left to sulk alone, Chris opened his mouth to speak again.
"Hmm, I see. So, I’ll go with you.” 
“What?” 
This time it was Felicia’s eyes that widened. However, rather than facing Felicia, Chris patted the head of Caitlin, who was sitting next to him. 
"Caitlin, do you want to go to Felicia noonim’s home?” 
"Yes, I want to see it.” 
Caitlin smile brightly at Felicia. Felicia flinched at the pure eyes, and Chris continued the offensive. 
"Felicia noonim, surely you won’t be so cruel as to refuse to let Caitlin come along, will you?” 
She hesitated as Chris used Caitlin as a shield, but it couldn’t be helped. Felicia nodded at Chris. 
"Of course, you can come.” 
In the first place, they were part of the same faction. 
Anastasia had left instead of coming back to the waiting room, so Felicia and Chris weren’t afraid to express their feelings. 
After watching the conversation between the two, In-gong asked Chris,
"Is it okay?” 
It was a short question, but Chris understood his meaning. He patted Caitlin on the head again and replied, 
"Of course. It is Omamama’s command, and... I’ve been separated from all of you for too long. Sometimes, we should stick together.” 
"The 4th Queen’s command?” 
"Instead of that, how is the unit that Shutra is forming? I heard that General Vandal will be the leader.” 
Chris changed the topic. In-gong’s eyes narrowed, but he followed Chris’ topic. 
"It will take some time to receive the troops from the Merits Department. General Vandal has been busy with all the procedures... The earliest it will take is probably three days?” 
In-gong had barely been able to see Vandal for 10 minutes. A senior general wanted to leave the Demon King’s Army, so the process was bound to be complicated. 
“Hmm, I see. Then what will you do today?” 
The court gathering was over, but it was still early afternoon. In-gong leaned back in his chair and said with a pleasant face, 
“I have to negotiate.” 
&  
In relationships, the one who fell in love first had the disadvantage, while it was the opposite for business. 
Amita stepped toward In-gong and gave a long explanation, 
"Recorder Torres’ El Ragra is still being converted. It is small, so the work is a bit tricky. But it will be completed sooner or later, so don’t worry.” 
"Shouldn’t it be easier if it is smaller?” 
Carack interjected. Amita frowned and knocked against the ground with their tail. 
"That is just what you think, Orc. However, this little ring contains 10 times the magic patterns that went into your armour. Doesn’t that sound really hard?” 
Amita was working on El Ragra but that didn’t change the fact that it was a ring. 
“Um, then has there been no progress?” 
Amita flinched at In-gong’s nonchalant tone. 
“No, that is impossible! This Amita rushed to improve White Eagle!” 
Amita moved swiftly and placed White Eagle in front of In-gong. The originally smooth White Eagle now had an emerald gem embedded in the middle. 
"I put the heart that you obtained into White Eagle. Now, it can produce its own magic power as well as adjust the size and hardness in the field. Thanks to that additional magic power, it is possible to use a new means of attack!” 
Amita jumped up again and turned White Eagle around. There was a long barrel installed at the bottom of the shield. 
"This muzzle can shoot magic bullets. It is possible with both White Eagle and Black Eagle. Additionally, there is a further separation option added to Black Eagle. I call it Alpha Black Eagle and Beta Black Eagle.” 
It was the completion of the ‘trinity’ which Amita had first envisioned when reconstructing White Eagle. White Eagle could now separate into three and had a ranged function, so In-gong couldn’t help laughing. 
"Green Wind, can you steer it?” 
"I will try. I can do it!” 
The semi-solid Green Wind appeared and made a fist. Instead of paying attention to Green Wind, Amita just looked at In-gong. 
"That isn’t all! White Eagle can give you additional magic power!” 
“Ooohhh.” 
Amita sighed with relief at In-gong’s admiring sound. Then she suddenly hesitated and said,
“That... some time is also needed to improve the Giant King's Sword. It will take a while to work on El Ragra, so I can’t finish both in 10 days.” 
It was common for everyone to be weak when asking for a deadline extension. 
Instead of complaining, In-gong smiled warmly at Amita and said, 
"You’ve worked hard. Thank you.” 
“Hum, hum.” 
Amita stroked a beard they didn’t have and watched In-gong. Once again, it was a transparent act. 
"Master, the fat raccoon has become the transparent raccoon.” 
Green Wind whispered, and In-gong barely suppressed his laughter. He coughed a few times before saying to Amita, 
"Amita, I’ve already heard about this from Daphne. Once you’ve completed all of it, I will give you the bottle.” 
Amita’s tail waved happily, but In-gong didn’t let that happiness last long. 
"By the way Amita. Will you go with us to the north?” 
In-gong was scheduled to leave the Demon King’s Palace in a week, at the latest. There were a few more things Amita needed to give him, so it was better to take Amita with him. 
Amita fidgeted before saying,
“Hum, hum. That... how about a separate bottle for the travel expenses?” 
"One cup.” 
In-gong said. 
Amita shook their head, and their tail struck the floor as they shouted, 
"Three cups!" 
"Half a cup.” 
In-gong’s expression was cold. Amita started pleading,
"Why are you decreasing it?! It is normal to increase it!” 
"Then one sip.” 
It was reduced even more. Amita flopped on the ground like someone who had lost their soul and shouted in defeat. 
"One cup! One cup! I will have one cup!” 
“Good. Then one cup is decided.” 
Indeed, In-gong held the upper hand. He then tried to comfort Amita,
"I'm sorry. I want to give you a lot, but this is a really precious thing. I don’t have much stock.” 
The children of the demon king, standing behind him, stared in disbelief at his words, but In-gong wasn’t fazed. Amita didn’t know the recipe of the Heavenly Wine, so they just nodded. 
"Sob, sob. Yes, I admit it. It has that type of taste.” 
“Thank you for understanding.” 
‘Master, you are like a raccoon trainer.’ 
Green Wind whispered in his ears again. In-gong pretended not to hear her and turned toward Felicia and Caitlin. 
"Ah, I have something for both of you.” 
“Huh?” 
Instead of explaining directly, In-gong signalled to Amita. Amita used Telekinesis to hand a blue box to In-gong. Then In-gong opened the lid of the box and said,
"This is the full set of ornaments that I gave to Amita. Amita adjusted them so that Noona can use them.” 
"Aren’t you making me work too much?” 
Just like Silvan’s cries, Amita’s plea didn’t reach anyone in the room. In-gong took out the ornaments in the box and handed them to Felicia and Caitlin. 
"Now, these earrings are for Felicia noona. The necklace is for Caitlin noona.” 
The earrings given to Felicia were defensive objects, which created a defense ward that enveloped the owner’s entire body. 
On the other hand, Caitlin’s necklace was more geared to attack as it increased the wearer’s overall physical ability as well as the aura recovery speed. 
'Hmm. I have a way to handle Amita, so I can commission a full set from them.’ 
While In-gong was busy thinking about how to exploit Amita... Chris asked with a dour face, 
"Shutra, do you have anything for me?” 
“Uh, no.” 
Chris’ face darkened even more, while Silvan stroked Amita’s sword, which Felicia had given him, with a happy expression. 
"You are really like the sword duke.” 
Amita said suddenly, as In-gong looked at Felicia and Caitlin with a gentle expression. 
Then three days later... 
In-gong’s independent unit, led by Vandal, was completed. 
[TL Note: 
Please read this 
announcement post
.



 Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 185 - Chapter 38: Dispatch #2
In-gong moved through the Demon King’s Palace with Carack to inspect the newly formed independent unit. 
There was a law which dictated a group of only 30 people could be stationed at the Demon King’s Palace. Even the princes, princesses, and queens’ soldiers were no exception to this law. 
Therefore, it was common for the demon king’s children to have their independent units stationed outside. Anyway, the independent units were more needed outside the Demon King’s Palace. 
‘It is only when there is no treason.’ 
The most basic thing about the Day of Massacre was to have troops stationed near the Demon King’s Palace. So, he made some justification for the troops to be stationed there or secretly infiltrated his troops into the palace. 
In-gong had no intention of rebellion, but due to this rule, he compromised by keeping his troops on the outskirts of the town inside the Demon King’s Palace. Since the size of the independent unit was relatively small, In-gong was given permission just this once. He would need to move his troops somewhere else after a certain period of time. 
‘I can divide them between Felicia and Caitlin’s homes.’ 
The best thing was to have them stationed in the gandharva territory. but that was impossible for now. 
'I hope that Nayatra finds good information.’ 
Her information gathering information was the best in Knight Saga, but it was a situation where Nayatra had already left the Demon King’s Palace. She had already been investigating for a month, so perhaps she had unravelled all the secrets. 
‘Shall I give her some Heavenly Wine?’ 
It was a truly fraudulent item. The production cost was quite cheap, but the effect was really great. 
'Speaking of that, what if I added the love potion made by the Succubus Tears to my blood? Will it become more effective?’ 
The Heavenly Wine, which In-gong created by melting together divine power and magic power, didn’t simply have a good taste. There were many addictive effects thanks to the power of divinity. If this was combined with the love potion of the Succubus Tears, then a synergy effect was likely to be created. 
‘A love potion.’ 
In Knight Saga, its main purpose was to cause betrayal in the other side. If he could use it, then the targets would be Zephyr’s subordinates. 
‘Zephyr has competent subordinates...’ 
He didn’t want to use the Succubus Tears straight away, but there was nothing to lose by thinking about it. 
After examining the male subordinates and then the female ones, Nayatra was the first one to come to mind. However, Nayatra was already In-gong’s subordinate. 
In-gong smiled with pleasure, while Carack, who was watching from next to him, asked bluntly, 
“Prince, what are you thinking about?” 
"I was thinking meek and lucid thoughts.” 
Carack immediately snorted at In-gong’s words. His sharp eyes didn’t miss anything. 
"Don't lie. Prince looks similar to when you use the Lucid Dream Pillow.” 
"Hmm hmm.” 
In-gong coughed as he recalled his most recent use of the Lucid Dream Pillow. Carack chuckled. 
"Anyway, Prince, I’m glad that you are having good thoughts instead of dark ones. It is bad for your mental health if you are always thinking bad thoughts.” 
Instead of responding, In-gong just toyed with Maybach’s reins. Not long after, they were able to pass through the gates of the Demon King’s Palace. 
'Master, there they are.’ 
Green Wind whispered in his ears. She was talking about a camp where a group of soldiers were stationed. 
There were exactly 100 of them. It was In-gong’s independent unit, so there was no need to open the mini-map and count them. 
“Prince.” 
“General Vandal.” 
Vandal realized that In-gong had arrived and came to greet him. In-gong jumped down from Maybach and they shook fingers as usual. 
As Vandal looked down at In-gong’s hand which was grabbing his finger, he said, 
"You have become stronger. It is incomparable to the first time that I saw Prince. I am doubting what my eyes are seeing.” 
9th Prince, who hadn’t been better than Villager A, had become stronger than a senior general in less than a year. 
“I had a growth spurt.” 
It was a ridiculous excuse, but Vandal didn’t dig any further. This was the first encounter where Vandal sensed that In-gong was stronger than him. The speed of his growth was beyond imagination, but Vandal was happy to see it. 
In-gong stood next to Vandal. There were a few familiar faces among the 100 independent unit members, who were mainly ogres. 
"A few of my guards joined me when I left the military. Thanks to that, the procedure became somewhat complicated, but the 4th Queen resolved it well.” 
In-gong nodded silently at Vandal’s explanation. He once again saw the advantages of having a benefactor. 
The independent unit consisted of 20 ogres, 60 heavy cavalry, and 20 golems. The heavy cavalry started with orcs and had various species mixed in. 
After examining the troops, Vandal invited In-gong back to his barracks to talk a bit more about the composition of the troops. 
However, In-gong and Vandal didn’t have to rummage through paperwork. Instead, Carack and a familiar lizardman beside Vandal came forward. He was a soldier from the 7th base in Evian. 
While Carack and the lizardman reviewed the documents, In-gong had a chat with General Vandal. It was mainly about what had happened in Evian after In-gong’s departure. 
Vandal, who had been telling his story for a while, turned toward Carack’s documents and changed the topic. 
"Prince, I heard that you will soon be going to the Sky Forest.” 
"That's right, I will be leaving in three days. General Vandal will train the troops here and then move to the north." 
"Are we joining you at the limit line?” 
"That’s right. Please look after the troops.” 
There was no reason to take the independent unit to Sky Forest. It was a newly completed unit, so it needed time to practice. Therefore, it was more efficient to have them join at the limit line. 
“Hrmm, I understand. Then Prince, can you name the unit before you leave?” 
“Uh... I will think about it until we meet up again. Ah, I also want to ask you to do something for me.” 
In-gong asked, instead of giving a command. Vandal nodded with a serious expression. 
"Whatever you say, I will be sure to pull it off.” 
"It isn’t anything big. Do you remember Nayatra? If she returns after I leave, please take her with you to the north." 
Vandal searched through his memories after hearing In-gong’s words. They had been together in Evian, but the two people had rarely met. 
“I remember. She is the pink-haired succubus. I understand. I’ll do that.” 
Vandal replied, then looked at Carack. The review of the documents was almost over. 
In-gong also looked at Carack, then he stood up and reached out to Vandal.
"I’m glad to welcome you once again. Goodbye Vandal.” 
“Thank you, Prince.” 
They shook fingers once again. 
&  
Time flashed by. 
A week after the court gathering, In-gong stood in the garden of the mansion and faced everyone who was leaving. They were the children of the demon king who belonged to Shutra’s faction and their aides. 
"Spread the sails! Pull the anchor! Black Flame Dragon, ho! Toward the Sky Forest!” 
Silvan smiled and shouted. Sepira blushed naturally like she was now used to being embarrassed. 
In-gong understood Silvan. His dear sister and several siblings were returning to his home. However, there was one thing that In-gong had to tell him. 
"Hyung, we are going using the transportation formation.” 
The home of the dark elves was directly connected to the Demon King’s Palace via the transportation formation. There was no need to travel for a few days on the flying ship when they could get there in an instant. 
Silvan was visibly panicked at In-gong’s words. Then he turned hurriedly toward Felicia, who laughed brightly. 
“Bye, Silvan. I will see you there.” 
“Bye, Oppa. I'll be waiting at Sky Forest.” 
Silvan’s eyes became moist as Caitlin said goodbye as well. 
Silvan was the captain of the Black Flame Dragon. So, unless it was an emergency like last time, it was unimaginable for him to use the transportation formation instead of the Black Flame Dragon. 
In the end, Silvan’s shoulders slumped with a crestfallen expression on his face. Felicia sighed at his pitiful appearance and said, 
"Come on, Silvan. It’s a joke, a joke.” 
"We have already decided to ride the Black Flame Dragon. There is plenty of time anyway.” 
Silvan’s face brightened again as In-gong confirmed it. Silvan grinned and dragged Felicia into an embrace. 
“Felicia! Oppa believed in you!” 
"Ah, come on!” 
As Felicia pushed against Silvan’s chest, Chris approached with a sour expression like he didn’t like the scene occurring before him. 
"Shutra, will the 3rd Queen be there as well?” 
Currently, the queens did not stay for a long time at the Demon King’s Palace. Except for 1st Queen Aishar Ragnaros, the other three queens were the leaders of the their species. 
"That’s right. I decided to go to the Black Castle in a short while to meet her.” 
“The Black Castle?” 
"It is to say goodbye to the demon king.” 
3rd Queen Sylvia Doomblade had a deep love for the demon king. Chris nodded, seemingly convinced. 
"I see. Okay, I am coming with you. I believe that Omamama is probably there as well.” 
“The 4th Queen?” 
“She doesn’t want 3rd Queen’s health to decline. They will be working together anyway.” 
Chris knew 4th Queen Elaine Moonlight much better than In-gong did. So, In-gong nodded and turned back to Felicia. She was still in Silvan’s embrace.
30 minutes later, In-gong gulped inadvertently as he stood in one of the rooms of the Black Castle. However, it wasn’t because 4th Queen Elaine was with 3rd Queen Sylvia as Chris said. 
"It’s great to see the demon king.” 
At the same time as Silvan’s greeting, all the children of the demon king bowed. 
It was really unexpected. They had never imagined meeting the demon king outside of court gatherings. 
The demon king was nearby with the 3rd Queen and the 4th Queen. He got up from his seat and stepped within reaching distance. 
In-gong had already met the demon king before, but this atmosphere was different from that time. His heart started pounding. 
“Raise your heads.” 
All the children of the demon king looked up at his words. Unlike during the court gatherings, the demon king was currently making a very soft expression. At first glance, he appeared emotionless, but there was a slight smile on his face. 
Chris and Silvan couldn’t hide their confusion, while Felicia and Caitlin had no idea about what to do. 
In-gong looked at the 3rd Queen and 4th Queen beside him. The 3rd Queen was sticking close to the demon king with a happy expression, just like when Silvan hugged Felicia, while the 4th Queen was smirking like she was enjoying this. 
The demon king opened his mouth to speak, 
"I heard that you will be going to Sky Forest before heading to the north.” 
All of the demon king’s children, except In-gong, flinched. It was the first time they had heard the demon king’s voice from such a close distance. 
“Felicia, Silvan. Have a good trip.” 
Silvan breathed deeply, and Felicia bit her lip at the demon king’s words, feeling like she would cry at any moment. 
"Chris and Caitlin as well. It is good to see my children getting along with each other.” 
Unlike the excited dark elf siblings, Chris and Caitlin looked at the demon king with relatively calm expressions. 
Then the demon king finally looked at In-gong. In-gong was reminded of his previous meeting with the demon king. At that time, the demon king had looked and sounded similar to this. 
It had been the demon king who delivered the Seed of Extreme Nothingness to In-gong. 
Why had he wanted In-gong to go to the Sanctuary? In-gong still didn’t have a clear reason as he hadn’t seen the sword duke after that day. 
“Shutra, I will be expecting a lot from you in the north.” 
In-gong bowed to the demon king. The stabbing sensation in his chest was difficult to explain. 
It was at that moment that...
"Oh, Abamama. We will be back. Stay healthy.” 
Felicia came forward and bowed. Her voice was trembling. 
 “Yes.” 
The demon king replied briefly and reached out to stroke Felicia’s head. This time, Chris and Caitlin gasped with surprise. 
"Go well, my children.” 
The demon king ended the short meeting, and the spellbound party exited the Black Castle. 
&  
"Hehe, hehehe." 
"Huhu, huhuhu.” 
The first voice was Felicia, and the second was from Sylvia. The two people stood on the deck of the Black Flame Dragon and laughed wildly. 
“A family of fools.” 
4th Queen Elaine said while clicking her tongue. She had known that the 3rd Queen and 6th Princess wanted to become closer to the demon king, but she hadn’t thought it would be so severe. 
'The demon king is so insensitive.’ 
They had reacted like this to just a few words of greeting. Of course, Elaine didn’t let it disturb her. 
Elaine shrugged and concentrated on In-gong, who also stopped looking at the 3rd Queen and Felicia. He turned his gaze toward Elaine instead. 
Elaine moved closer to In-gong and said, 
“Shutra, once you go to the north, please visit Gallehed. He will be your strength in the north.” 
“I understand, Your Majesty.” 
Three of the captains were currently stationed in the north. Two of them already had factions they supported strongly. 
Richard was the captain of the draconians, and Yecaderina was the captain of the succubi. 
It was clear that the two of them wouldn’t support him. 
Gallehed was a sura captain who advocated neutrality but not anymore. It was clear that he would support In-gong as a candidate for the throne. 
Elaine didn’t explain why Gallehed would support him, and In-gong didn’t bother to ask why. The external justification was that Gallehed was 4th Queen Elaine’s childhood friend. Moreover, In-gong now had the support of the sword duke. If the sura Gallehed supported In-gong, it would look like it was because of the sword duke. 
Elaine told him a few more things before turning to look at Chris and Caitlin. 
"And Shutra, please be more vigilant with Chris and Caitlin. Look after them well.” 
“Chris hyung?” 
In-gong asked with surprise, and Elaine smiled mischievously. 
"Omo, were you only thinking about Caitlin? She is your Noona.” 
Her face resembled Caitlin’s so much that he had nothing to say. Elaine laughed before getting back to the topic. 
"Shutra, you know this already, but Sylvia is in kind. Her children, Silvan and Felicia, are also good. But even so, it is the territory of another species. Addition, Chris has some hostility toward the dark elves. Please control him so that he doesn’t go too far. I can’t say this to Felicia and Silvan, so you are the only one I can ask.” 
Elaine said she was worried about the dark elves, but In-gong thought it was Silvan. 
His relationship with Felicia was quite good, but Chris was still distant towards Silvan. No, it felt like he held no sentimental feelings toward Silvan. 
Perhaps In-gong would find out the reason during this journey as Chris and Silvan would be together at the home of the dark elves. 
“I understand.” 
"Yes, then go safely.” 
Elaine hugged In-gong like he was her own child, and In-gong didn’t react like before. 
"Shutra, I won’t be washing my head for a while.” 
Felicia said with a rapt look from the deck of the Black Flame Dragon. If the demon king had hugged her, she might not even take a bath anymore. 
Instead of answering, In-gong looked at Carack, who replied like the faithful aide he was. 
"Then, Princess, you will smell.” 
“That’s right, Unni. It is a little...” 
Caitlin added, and Felicia flinched. Still, she was delighted by the fact that the demon king had stroked her head. 
‘Indeed, she’s the one who was envious that my name was called at the first court gathering.’ 
A few years ago, the demon king had kept a distance from the queens and his children. The reason behind that was probably to cover up his illness. 
The demon king Mitra, the man who had told In-gong to become strong enough to be the demon king... 
After Amita and Daphne arrived, the crew of the Black Flame Dragon raised the anchor. They brought up the stairs and started to open the sails. 
In response, Silvan raised his sword and shouted, 
"Spread the sails! Black Flame Dragon, ho! Let’s depart!” 
The Black Flame Dragon spread open its black sails. Magic wind blew into the sails, causing a truly spectacular sight. 
The Black Flame Dragon rode the wind. Its destination was the Sky Forest, the home of the dark elves. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 186 - Chapter 39: Ghosts
The Sky Forest, the home of the dark elves, was the land that the first fairy king had set up in the distant past. 
Looking down at it from the deck of the Black Flame Dragon, In-gong let out sounds of admiration, and Chris and Caitlin weren’t much different. 
The home of the dark elves was reminiscent of a huge forest covered in fog. The fog was at a fairly high level, with the ends of the tall trees barely visible, while the high rise buildings looked like skyscrapers popping up through clouds due to everything underneath being covered by fog. 
“Isn’t this good? It looks like a forest in the sky, which is why it is called the Sky Forest.” 
“Yes, yes. Amazing!” 
Caitlin responded to Felicia’s description with a wide smile. It really was a fantastic sight. In-gong had admired the Sky Forest when he visited it several times in Knight Saga. The sky of the Sky Forest was truly dream-like in reality. 
“But how can it play the role of the capital?” 
Chris asked in a twisted tone. Admiration couldn’t be seen on his face, but that was just Chris’ nature. 
Felicia seemed to have already anticipated this question as she replied quickly, 
"The fog isn’t present all day. So, the three of you are rather lucky. Such a sight isn’t something that the residents here often see. There are only a few days a year when it looks like this.” 
“Hoh.” 
Chris didn’t sound angry because he didn’t have any bad feelings toward it in the first place. As Felicia said, it was a sight that couldn’t normally be seen. The fog spread wide in the distance, so it was like watching clouds being lit up by the sun at sunset. 
The chilly wind was pleasantly cool. Felicia arranged her hair which was blowing in the wind and leaned back against the ledge. She looked down at the forest and said with a shrug, 
“Well, Chris’ words are true to a certain extent. It is inconvenient to live here sometimes due to such a widespread fog. Quite frankly, there aren’t many dark elves living in the Sky Forest itself. The dark elves live in other forests or cities around here. This is closer to being a spiritual capital.” 
“Aren’t you being quite honest?” 
Chris asked aggressively with a surprised expression. The old Felicia might have been angry about his words, but things were different now. She knew that an aggressive smile was an ordinary smile to Chris. 
“Insisting stubbornly is something that only fools do. Additionally, you are the other person.” 
There was some shame in the last words. Chris frowned like he was confused while Caitlin just laughed. 
“Unni is so good!” 
“This child...” 
Felicia didn’t resist hugging Caitlin. It was a different reaction from when Silvan hugged her, but it was a heartwarming sight. 
In-gong watched the two people with a relaxed expression as Chris asked again,
“Hmm, but I am also curious. Why did the fairy king establish his kingdom in a place like this? Was it to hide it in the fog?” 
The first fairy king had established his kingdom during a terrible time when the many species were at war. When deciding on the capital, it had been natural to choose based on defending against external attacks, rather than the convenience of traffic. 
The massive scale of the fog was capable of hiding the residences. However, Felicia said that the fog didn’t cover the Sky Forest 24 hours a day. Moreover, the dark elves resided elsewhere. Even if the Sky Forest didn’t exist, there would be many places to hide. 
“This isn’t an ordinary fog.” 
“Shutra?” 
It was In-gong, not Felicia, who replied, so Chris glanced at him in surprise. Felicia, who was hugging Caitlin, was also surprised. 
However, In-gong faced the two people with a relaxed expression, and Felicia nodded. As always, the answer was ‘because it is Shutra’. 
“Shutra is correct. You will discover the special feature of the Sky Forest fog once we descend.” 
Felicia shrugged, while Caitlin turned her head away from Felicia’s chest and toward the ground. The Black Flame Dragon glided to the ground smoothly. 
&  
In the middle of the Sky Forest, the palace of the dark elves rose high into the sky. 
There were a wide variety of buildings built on what looked like plates, to the left and right of the central building. 
The Black Flame Dragon landed on the lowest placed plate, where it was dense with fog. 
The crew members folded the sails and lowered the anchor as In-gong’s party looked around. Then he heard Green Wind’s voice, 
"Master, it is strange. I seem to have become stronger.” 
He was startled by Green Wind’s voice and shook his head. It wasn’t because of her semi-solid state, but because he had woken up from a type of trance. 
It didn’t end there, and Chris looked around with confusion. 
“Ghosts?” 
There were shapes in the fog, and they were spirits of the wind in a semi-solid state. There was also the figure of a woman and a beautiful animal. 
“There is also that.” 
Caitlin pointed to a distant place where a bunch of fire spirits were swirling around in the mist. 
In-gong exchanged looks with Felicia, who explained, 
"The concentration of magic power in the fog is great. Those children weren’t summoned here. Thanks to the power of the fog, they made themselves.” 
Green Wind nodded. It seemed like the area was so rich in magic power that she unknowingly took a solid form. 
"Now, do you know why this is the capital of the dark elves?” 
Felicia asked again, and Chris nodded.
"Indeed. The dark elves have a huge affinity towards spirits, so this land is like a blessed fortress for them.” 
"This is a story from when the first fairy king was still guarding us.” 
The land where the first fairy king established his kingdom had been the home of the dark elves for thousands of years. The tomb of the past kings were also on this land, meaning they were guarded by their ancestors. 
After talking about the fog, they were ready to disembark. As soon as the stairs were set up, Chris wanted to descend straight away, but Felicia stopped him. 
"Noonim?” 
Instead of answering, Felicia turned to look at Silvan walking out of a room with 3rd Queen Sylvia. 
"We will go down first.” 
Felicia winked before joining Silvan and Sylvia. They descended the stairs at a quick pace under Silvan’s guidance and then turned back toward the Black Flame Dragon. 
By this time, In-gong could see what Felicia—no, the Queen of the Dark Elves and her children were planning to do. 
Felicia and Silvan stood with Sylvia in the middle, then dozens of dark elves surrounded them. It was a welcoming ceremony. 
"Children of the demon king, who are like my own children, welcome to the land of the dark elves.” 
Sylvia opened both arms widely. It was a welcome from the Queen of the Dark Elves. 
In-gong smiled at the sight of 3rd Queen Sylvia, Silvan, and Felicia quickly descending the stairs just for the welcoming ceremony. 
They were a really cute family—no, a really cute mother and children. 
&  
After the welcoming ceremony, a magnificent dinner party was prepared. 
The interior of the Dark Elves’Palace was decorated like a forest, with high ceilings which strengthened the feeling of walking through a forest. 
In the middle of the spacious hall, there was a large wooden table with a huge number of plates on it. Unlike the elves, the dark elves weren’t choosy about what to eat, and the food on the plates ranged from greasy meats to sweet snacks. 
It was a buffet style party where everyone could pick the food they wanted to eat. 
The highlight of the party was Amita, who looked cute and pathetic when they couldn’t reach the food they wanted to eat on the table. 
“Amita, I will help you. Please sit on my knees.” 
Daphne stepped forward, but Amita jerked back and said, 
“It’s okay. The more hungry I am, the more delicious the food will be! Daphne should also dig in!” 
Then Amita turned and moved the food with Telekinesis. They were consuming stamina using Telekinesis while eating, which made them more hungry. 
"Master, I can feel the atmosphere of an expert eater from the raccoon.” 
“Yes.” 
Consuming stamina to make sure they had more room in their stomach... It was enough to give Amita a new title. 
Since it was a dinner party which had started late, it was natural to go to bed after it was over. 
"Everyone should rest for today. I’ll show you around after you’ve unpacked." 
Felicia said before personally showing In-gong, Chris, and Caitlin to their guest rooms. Everyone was given one large room with a small one attached where their aides could stay. The children of the demon king were each assigned a room close to each other. 
"Well, it is good that we don’t have to go back and forth.’ 
Carack smiled while arranging In-gong’s bed. Even though his hands were rough from army life, it wasn’t an exaggeration to say they looked different when grabbing the bedding. 
“Huh? Prince, when did you use the Lucid Dream Pillow so much?” 
Carack suddenly asked when he saw the pillow. The surface of the Lucid Dream Pillow indicated the number of times it had been used, and that number had changed from before. 
In-gong flinched, while Carack took the posture of a nanny and started scolding him. 
"Prince, I know your mind is active when sleeping, but...” 
“Carack!” 
In-gong jumped up and shouted, but it wasn’t to prevent the sermon. An ordinary orc wouldn’t react, but Carack was different. As soon as he realized that In-gong’s cry was strange, he rushed away from the place where he was standing. At that moment, In-gong used Dragon Words, 
“Ku-pa-ha!” 
The Dragon Words didn’t stop the shaking in the air. The dark grey beings which had appeared above Carack’s head scattered. 
“Ghosts?!” 
Carack asked urgently, while In-gong opened the mini-map. The number of red dots were increasing. 
“They aren’t spirits! Banshees!” 
"The female ghosts?!” 
They were a representative monster of the ghost species. Instead of answering, In-gong gave an order to Green Wind. The first thing to do was to get rid of the banshees forming in the room. 
“Green Wind!” 
At the same time, a green wind swept through the entire room. After filling the room with her power, Green Wind took a solid form and told In-gong urgently, 
"Master, White Eagle is strange. Abseltur’s heart feels different from usual.” 
White Eagle was like a house for Green Wind. In-gong instantly took White Eagle out of his inventory. Indeed, an extraordinary light was emitting from Abseltur’s heart in the center of White Eagle. 
"Resonance." 
The heart itself wasn’t causing the light. It was a light caused by other forces. 
If so, what had stimulated Abseltur’s heart? 
“The fairy king.” 
It was all he could think of. Abseltur was a creature created by the fairy king. So, it was natural if his magic power stimulated Abseltur’s heart. 
"Is this abnormality due to the heart?” 
In-gong shook his head at Carack’s desperate question. 
“No, it is the opposite. Abseltur’s heart isn’t the cause. It is just part of the phenomenon.” 
"Master, the flow of magic power is strange. The fog is becoming thicker.” 
Green Wind spoke with a pained expression. In-gong closed his eyes and focused on the glow of magic power. Yes, the density of magic power was indeed growing thicker. 
It obviously wasn’t an ordinary situation. This sort of thing had never once occurred in Knight Saga. 
The fog started to pour inside the building. As the screams of the banshees could be heard in the distance, Abseltur’s heart shook more ominously. 
What was happening today? Why had the status quo suddenly changed? 
"I-Is it because Prince showed up?!” 
He wanted to deny it, but he couldn’t. It was because the timing was too complicated. 
“Kyahhhhhh!” 
At that moment, he heard a scream from afar. The voice was so familiar that he couldn’t not notice it. 
“Felicia!” 
In-gong no longer delayed and shot forward like a thunderbolt. He broke down the door and threw himself into the hallway. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 187 - Chapter 39: Ghosts #2
The door was broken. Simultaneously, In-gong shot down the hallway while expanding the mini-map. It wasn’t hard to find her location because Felicia belonged to the King’s Knights. 
'Too far away!’ 
If he used Wind Style, he could get there in a few minutes. However, he felt like a few minutes was still too long. What would he do if something happened in the meantime? 
In-gong had already lost his temper when he heard Felicia scream. The image of Felicia protecting Silvan from the Famine Knight popped into his head, and he felt a surge of fear. 
"Prince!” 
Carack shouted from behind him, in attempt to restrain him, but In-gong didn’t care. 
“Felicia!” 
It wasn’t a simple call. This was the powerful Call of the King’s Knights. 
He would normally have refrained from using it because he didn’t know what Felicia was doing. However, now wasn’t the time to consider such things. The moment he shouted the command, the space in front of him opened, and Felicia was revealed. 
"Shock Wave!" 
Felicia cast a spell as she appeared in front of In-gong. It was because she had activated the magic the moment that Call was used. 
“Shutra?” 
Felicia tried to stop the magic when she saw In-gong, but it was already too late. A powerful shock wave hit In-gong. 
However, In-gong’s body was able to withstand this level of magic. He didn’t resist the moment the shock wave struck, but instead of being blown into the air, he used strength to flip and land on the ground. 
Normally, a shock wave would cause blood and vomiting, but In-gong was fine. Felicia’s attempt to stop the shock wave at the last minute had weakened the magic, but In-gong’s durability itself was very high. 
“I’m okay! Is Noona okay?” 
In-gong asked loudly, and Felicia flinched with surprise before nodding. She looked around in a voice mixed with embarrassment. 
“Uh, yes. I see you used Call.” 
Felicia was reminded of the fight at the 12th base of Curtis. Her breathing was probably rough due to her surprise. 
“Princess, what is going on? The fog is strange!” 
Carack asked Felicia. No matter how familiar she was with Carack, she could not help but feel fear as the rough looking Carack approached. Felicia flinched again before shouting, 
"I don't know. This is the first time this has happened!” 
Felicia stayed at the Demon King’s Palace more often than at the Dark Elves’ Palace, but she had still spent a third of her 20 years at the Sky Forest. This was a phenomenon which had never been present in the records. 
“Ku-pa-ha!” 
Right then, In-gong used Dragon Words again. Due to the exposed side wall, the fog entered directly and banshees were forming. At that moment, Carack remembered something and took a step closer to Felicia. 
“Delia! What is Delia’s situation right now?” 
She was always with Felicia. Felicia had screamed, so maybe Delia was in a dangerous situation. 
However, it was groundless. If there really was a dangerous situation, then Felicia would be the first one to return to Delia. 
Felicia replied calmly,
“She will be fine. I wasn’t in danger. I just screamed because I was confused. A banshee suddenly appeared in front of me. So, Delia will be fine. Yes, I bet on it.” 
It seemed like Felicia was reassuring herself, rather than Carack. 
Felicia explained the situation in a bit more detail. According to her, she had been walking along the corridor with Delia and two servants when she encountered a banshee. 
After hearing about the growing number of banshees, In-gong spoke to Felicia and Carack, 
“Then let’s move on. First we need to secure the safety of Caitlin noona.” 
After securing Felicia, the next one was Caitlin. Felicia was familiar with ghosts and spirits because she was a magician, but there was no telling how Caitlin would react to the banshees. 
Caitlin was also a magician, but she could only use some spells for combat support. 
Felicia had a subtle expression on her face, but she quickly nodded. She was also concerned about Caitlin. 
Caitlin’s and Chris's rooms were somewhat distant from In-gong’s room. If this were an ordinary mansion, the guest rooms would be close to each other, but this was the palace of the dark elves. Moreover, a distinction had been made between males and females, so the gap between rooms was quite substantial. 
They saw banshees in the hallway as the magic power of the fog became stronger. The sound of dark elves screaming, not banshees, could be heard in many places. 
In-gong gritted his teeth and used Wind Style. Carack and Felicia were together, so it wouldn’t be a big problem to go first. 
Like Felicia, Caitlin was a member of the King’s Knights, so he had no trouble finding her room. 
As soon as he arrived at the guest room, In-gong used the divine flame to break through the door. 
“Caitlin!” 
The moment that In-gong shouted, several banshees exploded before him. 
“Shutra.” 
Caitlin blinked with surprise and greeted In-gong. There was a considerable number of dead banshees in the room. 
“This, 
pant
, before, 
pant
, guess, 
pant
...” 
Felicia breathed roughly as she arrived behind him. Caitlin didn’t have blood covering her body like at the time of the Red Lightning tribe mission, but In-gong was reminded of that time. Even Seira standing beside her was unharmed. 
‘Indeed.’ 
In-gong thought Caitlin was scared of ghosts, but that was a mistake. Rather, Caitlin’s eyes were shining like lanterns. 
It was at this moment that there was a deafening roar from behind them. 
“Ca-it-li-n!” 
It was Chris. Felicia covered her ears reflexively with a frown while, In-gong grabbed Caitlin’s hand. 
"Oppa!” 
Chris sighed with relief as he scanned Caitlin up and down after arriving. However, shortly after that, he turned toward Felicia who was still breathing roughly and grabbed her. 
“Felicia noonim, what the hell is happening?” 
It was a sharp voice, almost like he was interrogating her. Chris was terribly agitated. However, this wasn’t simply due to the attack of the banshees. It was because the phenomenon that created the banshees was getting stronger. 
"I don't know! This is the first time!” 
Felicia hit Chris’ hands several times before correcting her posture. 
In-gong sandwiched himself between Chris and Felicia and said, 
"We need to send people to Amita and Daphne.” 
In-gong, Chris, and Caitlin were on the same floor, but Amita and Daphne were on a different floor. 
However, Felicia shook her head. 
“They will be fine. The two of them are sharing a room, and Daphne is good with spirits. Karma as well.” 
There were two druids there, so it shouldn’t be a problem. Additionally, Amita wasn’t simply a raccoon who liked eating. They were a powerful magician and priest of the last flame, so they could deal with dozens of banshees at once. 
In-gong was convinced of this and nodded. Then Caitlin, who was still holding In-gong’s hand, asked, 
“Silvan oppa?” 
"He won’t have a problem. The important thing is to break this situation itself.” 
Instead of Felicia, Chris replied. The power of life was a natural enemy to ghosts like the banshee. It was unlikely that Silvan, who was strong with aura, would be at risk. 
3rd Queen Sylvia was the ruler of the dark elves and would likely have guards around here. Moreover, Sylvia was a powerful magician, so Felicia didn’t need to worry. 
As a certain degree of comfort was restored, the agitation of the group subsided and reason was restored. However, they couldn’t relax. 
“Master, the height of the fog keeps on increasing.” 
Green Wind spoke in an uneasy voice as she looked far away. He hadn’t noticed due to the excitement, but once he closed his eyes and concentrated, he could feel the density of magic power was becoming thicker and higher. 
What would happen if this situation continued? 
Right now, only banshees were appearing. However, as the density of magic power increased, more powerful monsters might appear. 
The banshees weren’t a threat to the party. Even if stronger ghosts appeared, the situation wasn’t likely to change. However, it wasn’t the same for the ordinary dark elves in the palace. This situation could result in an enormous loss of life. 
Everybody looked at each other, but none of them could open their mouths. 
At that moment, In-gong opened his inventory and pulled out White Eagle. Just like before, an ominous light shone from Abseltus’ heart which was embedded in White Eagle. 
“Shutra?” 
Chris asked hurriedly when he saw the modified White Eagle. In-gong replied as he stared at Abseltur’s heart which was emitting a red light instead of the usual green light. 
"This is Abseltur’s heart.” 
The moment that In-gong said this, Felicia made a startled expression as she looked between In-gong and the heart. 
“Heok! Surely, this isn’t because of Shutra?! Shutra is too much!” 
Chris and Caitlin also seemed resentful. In-gong sighed at Felicia’s words and explained, 
"I'm not the cause. Abseltur’s heart is just reacting to the phenomenon.” 
"It’s reacting? Are you referring to Creature Abseltur?” 
Chris asked quickly. In-gong was surprised. 
“You know about him?” 
"I only know that he dealt the dark elves a massive blow in the past. Beyond that, I don’t know any more.” 
Chris’ hobby was collecting stories of heroes and battles from various places. So, it was natural for him to hear the name. 
In-gong gazed at Felicia, and she explained while fanning her face furiously with her hands, like she was trying to cool down. 
"Abseltur is a creature made by the first fairy king. He was a guardian when the fairy king was still alive but revealed his evil nature after the fairy king died. Anyway, if Abseltur’s heart is responding, then that means...
“It is clear that this incident has a connection to the first fairy king.” 
Felicia nodded at In-gong’s words. The name, Abseltur, was notorious, so she thought the cause of this incident was Abseltur’s heart. However, that was irrational. It was more likely that Abseltur’s heart was reacting to something, just like In-gong said. 
"Master, it is better to keep moving. The fog is starting to have a constant flow now. It will soon become a whirlwind.” 
Green Wind spoke in a strained voice. He couldn’t directly see the situation outside, but it seemed like the wind was becoming stronger. 
In-gong closed his eyes and focused on the flow of magic power. It was just as Green Wind said; a flow of gigantic fog was covering the whole Sky Forest, but it was still slow. As gandharvas were sensitive to all flow, it wasn’t difficult to feel the movements. However, it was becoming faster. He didn’t know how long it would continue to accelerate, but it seemed like a big disaster was soon about to happen. 
"Go underground.” 
Felicia declared. She couldn’t read the flow of magic, so she trusted In-gong and Green Wind. Instead of spending time on verification, the top priority was resolving the immediately situation. 
"The tomb of the kings is in the basement of the palace. The first fairy king’s tomb is there, so we might be able to find a clue.” 
The magic fog had been here before the first fairy king set up his kingdom. So, there was no guarantee that this phenomenon was linked to the fairy king. 
However, Abseltur’s heart was responding to something. Moreover, the tombs of the ancestors in the basement of the palace weren’t simple tombs; powerful magic circles were engraved there. 
The tomb of the first fairy king was the starting point of all those magic circles. So, it was worth taking a look. 
“Let’s go.” 
Chris growled, and Caitlin nodded. The party, with Felicia in the lead, headed underground. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 188 - Chapter 39: Ghosts #3
The restraining force weakened. 
As it had existed for so long, nobody knew when the thin film covering the Demon World was being torn bit by bit. 
It hadn’t started today or yesterday. Instead, it had happened step by step, so nobody was aware. 
It was just like raindrops soaking a collar. 
&  
The Sky Forest wasn’t small, and the thick mist filled the entire palace was well as the residences of the dark elves. 
The fog of the Sky Forest was a routine for the dark elves. They had lived in the fog for a long time, so they didn’t fear it. 
However, today was different; screams of dark elves pierced through the thick fog which made it hard to see. 
Simultaneously, howls swallowed up the screams. Banshees were howling all over the sky and land, which meant the cries of the dark elves didn’t reach each other. In the midst of the ear-splitting noises, the dark elves fell into a sense of isolation. 
Little children cried for their mothers, and mothers tried to find their children. 
The dark elves lost their way in the fog. Some moved deep underground to avoid the fog, while others ran in the direction they thought the palace was. 
The fog was moving, but the dark elves were still unaware of this phase. They couldn’t know. 
&  
3rd Queen Sylvia Doomblade’s breathing was rough. It was bedtime, so she was just wearing a thin nightgown, but now wasn’t the time to put on clothes. 
Sylvia moved at a quick pace to the ruler’s office, which was at the highest point of the Dark Elves’ Palace. 
Many people rushed toward the queen as she moved, joining in order to protect her, while others left to perform tasks at the queen’s command. 
The knights of the palace formed a thick wall around Sylvia, who tried to figure out what was happening as she moved. Whether it was due to the abnormally strong magic power of the fog or the shrieking of the banshees, any communication magic was unstable. Her magic wasn’t able to see the situation of each floor properly. 
Aside from the five guards who protected the queen, the rest of the guards moved down. Sylvia wasn’t stupid. This was the inside of the palace, so it was easy to guess what was happening outside the palace as it was directly exposed to the fog. The defense of the palace was a problem, but she also needed to protect the people of Sky Forest. There should only be a minimal number of people inside the palace. 
“Your Majesty, the Queen!” 
A familiar voice pierced her ears, and Sylvia turned sharply to see Delia. Sylvia imagined all types of horrible things after seeing Delia appear alone without Felicia. Delia hurriedly spoke when she saw Sylvia’s pale face. 
Delia explained that Felicia was with 9th Prince and the other children of the demon king. She had heard they were moving down, so she was going to descend and join them. 
Sylvia was momentarily puzzled about how the 9th Prince had instantly moved Felicia to his side, but she suppressed her curiosity. Felicia was safe if she was with 9th Prince. Additionally, the 7th Prince and 8th Princess were highly respected fighters, so her heart calmed. 
Sylvia’s complexion was restored as she headed up. As she climbed up into the fog, the number of banshees popping out was greatly reduced. However, the news they got from new people who joined them wasn’t great. Stronger ghosts were appearing on the lower floors. 
Sylvia’s footsteps quickened. Those who ran ahead opened the door to her office. 
The king’s office, located at the highest point of the Dark Elves’ Palace, was also the royal hall. Like a real forest, the floor was covered with dirt, and the walls and ceilings were covered with tree branches. The coldness of the earth touched her bare feet, but it calmed her mind. 
Sylvia had hastened to reach the king’s office because it was the backbone of the palace. At the king’s office, it was possible to see the situation both inside and outside the palace. 
The throne was in the middle of the office, and like the throne of the demon king, it was placed on a high podium. A large tree grew behind the throne, making it look like the throne was part of the tree. 
Sylvia sat on the throne. Then the tree branches stretched gently around the throne to wrap around Sylvia’s arms, legs, neck, and waist. Sylvia looked at the sight before her as many things popped into her head. 
Fortunately, there wasn’t much damage to the inside of the palace. Due to the magic power in the fog becoming stronger, the power of the spirits had also increased. Instead of scattering, the dark elves gathered at the center of each floor, while the guards opened the palace doors and accepted the people. 
‘Silvan!’ 
Sylvia screamed silently. Silvan was rushing toward the Black Flame Dragon which was completely buried in fog. Sepira and the crew members were yelling as they followed behind Silvan reluctantly. 
Sylvia was worried but decided to believe in Silvan. The Black Flame Dragon was also a treasure of the dark elves, so it should be protected. 
She tried to find Felicia next, but the information coming from the tree branches distracted her. 
Sylvia closed her eyes, then she looked down at the palace from a high place. 
The fog was growing. The density of magic power was also increasing. However, that wasn't the important thing. 
A flow was occurring in the fog. It started to flow in a certain direction and was drawn into a huge circle. 
The fog was gathering, and it seemed like a giant vortex would soon be created. 
The palace was at the heart. Maybe the palace would be safe in the eye of the storm. However, what about the outside of the palace? What about everybody in Sky Forest? 
Sylvia’s eyes flashed. Heavy winds started to blow outside the palace, and Thunder and lightning ripped through the night sky. 
However, that wasn't all. The abnormally high density of magic power didn’t just cause ghost-based monsters. 
Sylvia gulped, shaking unintentionally. 
A horrible future was painted in her head. 
&
Hundreds of banshees were screaming at the same time. The chorus of screams was enough to destroy the spirit. 
However, the dark elves gathered in one place didn’t go crazy or feel afraid of the screams because they were protected. 
"Leave it to this Amita!” 
An enormous power radiated from Amita as they shouted with both arms wide open. It was Amita’s powerful ward magic. 
“Amita!” 
Daphne cried out with admiration at the translucent wall of magic which prevented dozens of banshee screams. Amita, who was sweating, banged their tail against the floor. 
"I will protect Daphne! Karma as well, so don’t be afraid!” 
Daphne, Karma, and the dark elves gained strength from Amita. Indeed, Amita was a truly trustworthy raccoon. 
In order to reassure everyone, Amita forced a brighter expression onto their face. Even the ghosts, which were more powerful than banshees, didn’t dare cross the barrier of divine power. 
Daphne and Karma weren’t quiet either. The two druids and the dark elves used the spirits; spirits of fire appeared outside the magic ward and destroyed the banshees. 
It wasn’t bad, so the dark elves couldn’t help smiling a little bit. 
However, the one who had created such an atmosphere, Amita, wasn’t laughing. This situation wasn’t simply hard. They had fought for a lifetime, so they felt something unusual. 
“Amita?” 
Daphne felt the same thing. She rushed toward Amita, while Amita made a shocked expression. They exclaimed hurriedly, 
"Stop using the spirits! Karma! Everyone!” 
It was an incomprehensible command, but Karma, who was familiar with Amita, cut off her spirits. However, the dark elves didn’t, and this was their big downfall. 
The dark elves operating the spirits screamed. Those using fire spirits were burned, while those with wind spirits had their bodies hacked. 
Daphne started sweating, and Amita’s face distorted. 
The spirits had gone crazy. 
They escaped from the control of the dark elves and started to run wild. 
&  
“Princess! Heads up! This place is dangerous!” 
"Get out of the way!" 
Felicia shouted at the guards blocking her way. In-gong used Telekinesis to push the guards aside, and the demon king’s children continued moving. 
The party was still too high up. As the density of magic power increased, jumping down the floating disks took too long. 
"Take the shortcut! Follow me!” 
It wasn’t Felicia but Chris who yelled. Felicia’s eyes widened with surprise, but she soon cursed. Chris had used aura to destroy the floor. 
“Go!” 
He threw his body through the open hole. Caitlin and Seira were right behind him, but Felicia was stunned. It was too high for her to jump. However, there was no time to delay. While Felicia was hesitating, In-gong grabbed her and hoisted her over his shoulder. Carrying a princess like this wasn’t appropriate, but the situation wasn’t good. 
In-gong and Carack jumped down the hole, while Felicia moaned from the impact of the landing. However, there was no time to recover from it. Chris had already made a new hole, and In-gong continued jumping down. 
The height of one floor in the Dark Elves’ Palace was seven meters tall, so by jumping through the holes, they could go down dozens of meters. 
"Almost there! It is here!” 
Felicia screamed as they continued going down. Caitlin stopped from where she was about to break the floor, and Felicia fell breathlessly from In-gong’s shoulder. 
"The entrance to the catacombs, over there.” 
As Felicia raised her hand to point in a direction, In-gong hoisted Felicia up again. There was no time to complain, so Felicia just held on while In-gong ran with the mini-map open. The dark elves were surprised to see Felicia being carried, but no one stopped them. However, it wasn’t due to the dreadful momentum created by Chris; the ground floor was already a crucible of confusion. 
Due to the effect of the fog, the number of banshees and ghosts was high. To make matters worse, some of the spirits were running wild. Most of the dark elves were heading up from the ground floor, so they were different from In-gong’s party that was heading downwards. 
Felicia trembled in fear from her position on In-gong’s shoulder. If this was the situation inside the palace, then what was happening outside? She felt like crying at the thought of the dark elves living in Sky Forest. 
"We’re here! Door!” 
Chris shouted. The door was big enough to almost reach the ceiling. It was a door which opened on either side, and its state was like that of a castle in the middle of a siege. The door’s latch seemed like it would break at any minute. 
“Princess!” 
One soldier shouted at Felicia who was hanging on In-gong’s shoulder. In-gong put Felicia down, while Chris and Caitlin raised their auras. 
"We are going to open the door to the tombs! Avoid it!” 
The soldiers seemed to be the guards protecting the entrance to the tombs. Instinctively, Carack knew what was happening inside, and Siera was no different. 
The banshees and ghosts were already there. Since it was a grave site, there would be a massive number of ghosts. 
The door shook again. The door hinges seemed like they would break before the latch. 
"Back off! We will cope with it from here!" 
In-gong shouted. Felicia regained her spirit and gave the same order to the guards. 
“Shutra!” 
Caitlin looked at In-gong. Instead of responding, In-gong looked at the door and pulled out the power of Conquest. He released it and shouted,
“Green Wind!” 
It wasn’t a simple call. This was a command. Green Wind, who had been upgraded to an apostle, appeared above everyone’s head and emanated a divine power. 
She glared at the door. The hinges were cracking, and the door broke open with a loud sound! 
“Below the King’s Flag!”  
In-gong yelled and lifted the flag. At that moment, an enormous white light poured toward the front. The apostle Green Wind created divine winds, and the dozens of banshees and ghosts couldn’t survive. They shattered into dozens and hundreds of pieces. 
However, the insides of the tombs were still full of a unique power. There was already fog just past the door, and new banshees were pouring out from the fog. 
The group had to rush in now. It was clear that the underground tombs were closely related to this phenomenon. 
Felicia ordered the guards to flee, while In-gong took a deep breath and once again activated the power of Apostle Appointment. 
“Carack!”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 189 - Chapter 39: Ghosts #4
The power of Conquest filled Carack’s body, then it became enormous. Carack already had a height of two meters, but he had now become three meters tall with expanded muscles. 
The clothes he wore tore apart, but Amita’s armour expanded to wrap around his body. It was a partial body armour, but there didn’t seem to be any problem with defense. 
Everybody was surprised by Carack’s sudden transformation. Seira blushed when she saw Carack’s torn pants, but it only lasted for a moment. Now wasn’t the time to stare at Carack. 
Carack read In-gong’s intentions straight away. He added extra parts to Amita’s shield and made it huge before grabbing it firmly. This time, it was Carack who led the party. 
Felicia was reminded of the charge in Thunderdoom Fortress, and she quickly explained it to Chris, Caitlin, and Seira. Then she stood behind Carack’s back, and Chris, Caitlin, and Seira stood behind her with In-gong and Green Wind at the rear. 
"May the Protection of the Wind bless all of you.” 
Green Wind blessed everyone in the party. Then In-gong raised the flag of light again, while Chris paused for a moment before carrying Felicia who was in front of him.
"Run!" 
“Kuraha!” 
Carack responded to In-gong’s command with his battle cry. He rushed forward ignorantly, smashing everything blocking his way. 
It was like watching a runaway locomotive. The fog was thick, so the path up ahead wasn’t visible, but In-gong saw it using the mini-map. Then Green Wind shared In-gong’s directions with Carack. 
Caitlin ran like the wind and looked around as the hands and heads of ghouls and skeletons suddenly popped out from the ground. 
The scene was approaching its climax. If this continued, then maybe even a vampire might be created. 
"Ohhhhhh!" 
Carack shouted again. They sprinted along the ramp, destroying all doors which blocked their way. 
"How many floors down are there?” 
"10 floors! The 10th floor is the lowest floor!” 
At Chris’ cry, Felicia shouted her answer. The two people had been siblings for dozens of years, but this was the first time they exchanged words from such a close proximity. 
"Carack is amazing!” 
Caitlin cried out suddenly. It seemed to be a cheer, but it was effective. Carack’s muscles swelled up again, and his running speed increased.
Then In-gong looked at the mini-map. Red dots were surrounding them on all sides. If they stopped for even a moment, they would be surrounded by hundreds or thousands of enemies. 
The configuration of the catacombs was different from the palace. In the case of the palace, important rooms were decorated like forests. There was a lot of soil on the ground, so it could truly be mistaken for a forest. 
However, the catacombs were different. Although the floor was covered with dirt, the walls and ceilings were made of cool, hard rocks. It was reminiscent of an underground tunnel, rather than a forest. 
In-gong could feel the flow of fog outside the palace becoming stronger. It was already like a whirlpool or water running swiftly. 
"Next is the 10th floor!" 
"Karaha!" 
Felicia shouted. Carack smashed down the door as well as the undead monsters behind it. 
The last staircase was especially long. The length between the bottom floor and the one above it seemed to be 20 meters. 
Felicia used recovery magic. Simultaneously, everybody recovered their breaths and looked around them. There was no fog on the bottom floor of the catacombs. There were also no ghost monsters like banshees and specters, or undead monsters like ghouls and skeletons. 
The only things there were the dark soil and the tree trunks which covered the wall. 
The trees were tinted grey instead of green. Then there were green flames which became one to push away the darkness. 
The lowest floor of the catacombs was a large space. In-gong had visited it in Knight Saga before. 
The first fairy king was one of Knight Saga’s hidden bosses. When Zephyr appeared on the lowest floor, bathed in the blood of the dark elves, a specter of the fairy king had appeared. 
Carack breathed in deeply. Chris and Caitlin walked to the sides, while Seira followed behind Caitlin. 
The lowest floor was only for the first fairy king. In the center of the lowest floor, there was a high altar with a magnificent coffin made of stone. 
It was just that—the first fairy king’s tomb. 
"Master." 
Green Wind spoke in a strained voice. As the previous apostle of Conquest as well as having been made from a fragment of the elder dragon, Ainkel who had the power of life, Green Wind felt a mighty and evil power coming from the tomb in front of her. 
In-gong felt the same thing. Moreover, In-gong could perceive there was a mix of other powers. 
There was a bit of strong magic power along the edge of the tomb, but it was mixed with the blue aura of Death. 
The lid of the stone coffin shook, and there was a huge roar as the ashes inside shot out. 
"Callael...” 
Felicia said mournfully. 
Callael Kalseph, the name of the first fairy king and the ancestor of the dark elf, Lionel Doomblade... 
His remains were waking up. He had died thousands of years ago, so his bones and clothes were all gone. 
Yet, flesh grew from the ashes. However, it wasn’t real. In the first place, the bones weren’t real. Everything had been created from magic power. It was the same with the banshees and specters. 
He wasn’t an apostle of Death. However, it was clear that the specter in front of them had been touched with the power of Death. Although Death hadn’t been used directly to raise the specter, it had some type of influence. 
In-gong sensed it intuitively. The presence before them, the specter of the first fairy king, was much stronger than the man they had encountered at Thunderdoom Fortress. 
The fairy king looked down at the party who were prepared to fight. Like Silvan, one of the fairy king’s eyes was covered with an eyepatch, and he lifted it up slowly. A huge storm of magic power suddenly pushed at the party. 
“Kuraha!” 
Carack stood in front of everybody and let out a battle cry as the magic power storm swept all around them. Felicia looked up from where she was hiding behind Carack, while Chris and Caitlin looked  hurriedly at the tomb where the fairy king had been standing. 
However, the fairy king wasn’t there anymore. He looked toward the sky and rose up. 
Seira made a puzzled expression, and Caitlin looked bemused. However, Green Wind was different; she trembled. The fog started to move along with the fairy king. The fairy king rose, and the fog of magic rose as well. Outside the palace, a huge vortex had finally formed. 
What would happen if the fog and the fairy king combined? What the hell would happen? 
The fog of magic was pushed toward the lowest floor. Beneath the floors, the undead raised their heads as banshees and specters appeared. 
"Damn! We just came all the way down here!” 
Chris growled out. At that moment, there was a huge vibration in the catacombs. It was like an earthquake. 
"Prince!” 
Carack shouted, and In-gong understood. The ceiling was crumbling down. If they stood still there, they would be crushed. 
"Gather!" 
After gathering everyone together, In-gong looked up at the ceiling. He aimed at the wreckage which was beginning to pour down toward them! 
“Break!” 
This wasn’t simply Dragon Words. It became Dragon Breath, and the power of great destruction rushed toward the ceiling. 
&  
A giant pillar of white light swallowed up the collapsed debris. It continued up, penetrating completely through the ceiling. 
Just considering the momentum, it contained a destructive force which seemed like it could penetrate toward the sky. None of the dark elves on the ground level had been caught up in it, and the group’s purpose was achieved. 
This time, Chris was the one carrying Felicia on his shoulder. Carack and Chris jumped toward the hole in the ceiling, followed by Caitlin and Seira. 
Felicia screamed as they soared up toward the ground. 
In-gong then immediately followed on White Eagle. He grabbed the back of Carack, who was about to fall, and looked up. 
The fairy king kept on rising, and In-gong had to catch up with him. 
&
The fog of magic increased around the palace. The fog, which covered Sky Forest entirely, was gathered toward the center. 
The sight of Sky Forest, with the fog removed, was grim; there was pandemonium everywhere. 
They would rather it be covered by the fog. The survivors, freed from the sense of isolation caused by the fog, screamed when they saw numerous corpses. However, there was something even more terrible. 
The dark elf knight, who had cut the throat of a friend minutes ago, looked up at the sky with a blank face. 
The fog of magic was touching the sky. No, it couldn’t be called a fog anymore. 
A gigantic vortex of magic power was opening in the sky. 
&  
Amita trembled, but it wasn’t simply because they feared the mighty magic power.
Amita remembered Kafran, the guardian of Spider Forest, and the story of the guardians who had been murdered by the people with a purple aura. 
‘Why?’ 
Amita didn’t know, but the phenomenon occurring before them felt like it had some connection with past events. 
Amita erased the thoughts from their head and poured magic power into the ward. The only thing they could do right now was protect Delia, Karma, and the dark elves. 
"I believe in you!” 
Amita recalled In-gong’s face. 
&  
Sylvia sat on the throne and looked up at the sky. The retractable ceiling was open, so she could see clearly the spiral of magic power in the night sky. 
Blue lightning struck, thunder exploded, and terrible magic power radiated from the vortex. 
Sylvia didn’t know what was going to happen from now on. How should she break this crisis? 
“Your Majesty.” 
Sylvia thought of the demon king, but her love, who was the strongest in the world, wasn’t here in this place. 
It was at this moment that the tree trunks connected to Sylvia’s left arm sent her new images. However, Sylvia looked at what was in front of her, instead of the images, as strong magic power rose from below. 
What she saw was a ghost. At the same time, it was also a great man. 
It was the soul of the great king who had tried to protect the dark elves. 
His will had been destroyed, but his mighty strength had still been left behind. 
He broke through the ground and soared up. It was the first fairy king, the ghost of the great Callael. 
However, it was distorted, and the phrase ‘ruin’ was appropriate. 
Sylvia used her magic power instinctively. She sensed that she couldn’t let the presence before her continue. 
However, that wasn’t enough. There was a strong rebound from the magic power she gathered urgently. The guards moved hurriedly to protect Sylvia, but the fairy king didn’t attack her. He just kept on rising toward the swirl of magic power. 
Sylvia looked up at the sky in pain. 
The loud sound of thunder tore through the sky. 
Thus, another sound was buried—the sound of someone rushing up to catch up with Callael. 
It sounded like hundreds of wings flapping at once. 
Dark blue smoke covered the sky. It united and blocked the path of the fairy king, who was heading toward the vortex of magic power! 
The fairy king looked at In-gong, who looked back at him. Instead of delaying again, In-gong immediately activated his divinity. 
“Spiritualism.” 
Dhrtarastra...
The gandharva god descended. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 190 - Chapter 39: Ghosts #5
There was someone looking up, and he started moving as he watched from a distance. 
&  
In-gong’s black hair... It was long, like a stroke of the night sky had been drawn. 
The white divinity was like the sun. However, instead of being dispelled, the specter of the fairy king released magic power. 
Divinity and magic power clashed. They pushed each other, causing flashes of light and a deafening roar in the process. 
The fairy king roared angrily, and In-gong also shouted without hesitation. He pulled back a fist and gathered aura and divinity together. 
While In-gong was doing this, Green Wind defended him. As a goddess of the wind through Apostle Appointment, she stood beside In-gong, who had awakened as a gandharva god, and pushed with her own strength. 
The fairy king was powerful, but In-gong’s divinity was also powerful. Moreover, divinity was a direct power. It was the nemesis of those who twisted the natural world. 
Green Wind pushed out with her unique magic power, while the white divinity pressured the fairy king. 
‘Don’t waste time.’ 
In-gong had to settle it here. The damage which had already occurred was enormous. Additionally, the vortex of magic power in the sky needed to be resolved as well. 
In-gong shouted and punched out with a fist which contained the power of destruction. 
However, at this moment, when he was about to attack, time seemed like it was stopped. 
Sylvia looked up at the sky and screamed. Despite the fairy king in front of them, Green Wind and In-gong were forced to look up. 
The sky had opened. Thunder and lightning struck around the giant magic vortex which was several hundred meters in diameter, and something extended from its center. 
It was a huge arm of light—a huge mass of overwhelming magic power. 
‘Master!’ 
The giant’s fist pierced through the vortex and headed straight toward the palace. In-gong broke off from his thoughts and immediately turned his body. He held Kalteins’ equipment, Night Watch in his hand, and the blue cloth swelled up and created momentum. 
In-gong looked at the magic vortex. The massive arm was in the center, and it didn’t end with just one arm. He could guess what was beyond it. 
"Shoot!" 
While everyone was frozen, there was a shout. A black flying ship rose from the outside of the palace. 
It was the Black Flame Dragon. Fire poured from the dark elf ship, and a red column of light poured out from the majestic masthead at the front. 
However, it didn’t reach. Just before it reached the giant arm, the red column of light twisted and headed to another place. It was pushed elsewhere, away from the ridiculously strong magic power. 
The twisted red pillar shot to the edge of the vortex created by the magic fog, and it was absorbed as well. 
The Black Flame Dragon turned in midair. This wasn’t due to fear of the giant arm but to prepare for a second attack. 
However, the giant arm didn’t stay still. As it grabbed the air, golden magic power formed. It was like lightning. 
Everyone looked at the sky, and they couldn’t even scream. 
Lightning, the purest power, poured from the sky like a punishment from the gods! 
The giant arm sprinkled lightning, and it rained down toward the palace. 
The moment that the catastrophe approached... 
In-gong moved. He poured his attack toward the lightning. 
"Tr-ue Des-truct-ion!” 
It was the white of destruction against the golden lightning. The power of the Great Enkidu exploded along with the divinity. 
The explosion occurred in the sky. 
Intense light erased the night. It was a white darkness that blinded everyone. The roar disturbed their ears, and the aftermath of the destruction caused the two powers to splinter into hundreds of pieces. 
The moment passed, and the white light disappeared again. The giant arm was pushed back, and In-gong stumbled in the air. 
Thunder struck, while Green Wind hugged In-gong from behind and supported him. The figure of the fairy king had become blurred. 
In-gong, who shared his senses with Green Wind, understood immediately. 
It already existed. The specter of the fairy king and the vortex in the sky were already one. 
The loud sound of thunder tore through the sky, and another arm stretched from the center of the vortex. The two arms spread apart across the vortex as if it were a hole. 
The sky opened, and from the center of the vortex, a head was exposed. 
It looked at In-gong as it also looked down at the palace from above. 
&  
The runaway spirits all looked at the same place. Even the ghosts, who were howling with hatred, shut up and raised their heads to the sky. 
Amita knew. It was invisible, but they could feel it. There was also a deity... In-gong and a god created by magic power. 
The last flame whispered to Amita. They trembled with fear as their tail sagged down. 
Silence enveloped the palace, and there was a group running in there. 
“Omamama!” 
Felicia shouted from Chris’ shoulder. Chris, who had barely reached the top floor, stared up at the sky, while Caitlin’s mouth dropped open. 
However, thanks to the flag of light that Carack was holding, they weren’t overwhelmed. The power of Conquest didn’t allow them to be ruled by something else. 
Felicia’s call broke the silence, and Sylvia regained her spirit. She remembered a piece of knowledge which had been buried deep in her memories. 
That was a demonic god. The first fairy king had prepared it to defend the land of the dark elves. 
In fact, this was the first time he had actually shown up. The second fairy ruler, the eldest daughter of the fairy king, had an unexpected death. The original plan had been for her to complete the magic spell which the first fairy king had failed to complete. 
Sylvia continued thinking, then she made a decision as a queen. 
‘Give up the fog of Sky Forest.’ 
The fog of magic power originally existed in Sky Forest, but it wasn’t at this scale in the beginning. 
The first fairy king had strengthened the magic fog. The magic power harvested from the dark elves who lived in the Sky Forest was also added to the magic fog. 
At first, it was insignificant. However, thousands of years had passed, and the magic power in the fog was now incomparable to what it had been originally. 
The magic fog had acted as a solid barrier which protected Sky Forest for thousands of years. As queen of the dark elves, Sylvia knew this. 
However, she had to give it up. The power of the magic fog had to be crushed in order to stop the demon god in front of her eyes. 
Sylvia didn’t worry and made her decision at that moment. 
The tree branches covered Sylvia’s entire body on the throne. At that moment, dozens of message magic spread at the same time. 
-Destroy the strongholds of magic hidden in Sky Forest.
 
Disrupt the magic power that is strengthening the fog and break the power of the magic fog itself.
Chris opened his eyes. His political knowledge meant he immediately understood the decision Sylvia had made and what it meant. 
Felicia stared at Sylvia, who exclaimed decisively, 
"Go!" 
There was no time. They didn’t know when the second attack of the demonic god would come. Nobody knew if In-gong could stop it again. 
Chris and Caitlin exchanged glances. Sylvia's message stated that there were five magic strongholds. So, they had to move individually to destroy the strongholds scattered throughout Sky Forest. 
Chris threw Felicia, who he had been carrying on his shoulder, toward Caitlin. Caitlin snatched Felicia, who then hugged Caitlin’s neck tightly and cast a flying spell. Caitlin looked up at In-gong one more time before throwing herself out the window. 
Chris was no different. He breathed in deeply and concentrated on the lycanthrope blood flowing through his body. After the battle with Gerard, he had triggered a new power. 
As a mixed race, he didn’t have a complete Beast Form. However, it was possible to bring out the power of the beast. 
Chris' teeth and claws sharpened, and the muscles of his body swelled. The golden hairs growing on his body also became more abundant. 
Chris threw himself out the window without any flying magic. He ran down the outer wall and reached the ground in an instant. 
Carack moved with Seira. His method of moving to the ground was like Chris’, but it was much more intense and rough. Seira used Beast Form on Carack’s back and glared at the ghosts and undead covering the ground. 
Three of the five strongholds were set. The Black Flame Dragon was headed toward the fourth magic stronghold. 
The last place would be left to the guards. They bowed to Sylvia and immediately left the office. 
There were now only a few people were left on the top floor with Sylvia. The tree branches stretching from the throne didn’t stop at Sylvia’s body but pierced her skin. 
Sylvia looked up at the sky and concentrated the remaining power of the palace in one place. She watched the confrontation between the demonic god and In-gong. 
&  
In-gong understood Sylvia’s plan. The only thing left was to buy some time. He needed to protect the Dark Elves’ Palace from the ruthless power of the demonic god. 
The demonic god was like a man hanging upside down. His huge upper body was emerging from the center of the magic vortex. The distance between the head of the demonic god and the top floor of the palace was only dozens of meters, and the upper body of the demon god was much larger than the top floor of the palace. It could literally crush the top floor with one hand if it reached out. 
In-gong laughed bitterly. The thought of running away didn’t cross his mind at all.
Since when had this happened? Was it because Sylvia, Amita, Daphne and Karma were in the palace? 
‘Conquer!’ 
The white woman shouted. In-gong nodded and drew on the power of divinity. He gathered the power of Conquest, magic power, aura, and divinity together. 
‘Go!’ 
In-gong rose up. The demonic god only had one eye. A light shone in the place where the right eye should be, similar to the fairy. 
“Break!” 
In-gong combined Dragon Breath with Dragon Words and aimed it at the demonic god. The demonic god shouted, and an equally mighty magic power started to split apart the Dragon Breath from that end. 
‘Master!’ 
"Ohhhhhh!" 
In-gong roared, and the Dragon Breath became bigger. A tight war was waged against the demonic god’s magic power. 
The fairy inside the demonic god glowed, and the Dragon Breath started splitting apart faster. Sylvia created a huge shield using the power of the palace. In-gong broke the link with Dragon Breath and used Blink. 
Dragon Breath was completely smashed into dozens of pieces. Sylvia staggered as the demonic god’s magic power hit the shield, while the demonic god used the fairy, instead of predicting where In-gong’s Blink would end up. Hundreds of lightning bolts poured down from the magic vortex. 
The moment that In-gong appeared, lightning struck. Green Wind moved White Eagle hurriedly and set up a powerful force field. In the middle of the rain of lightning, In-gong gritted his teeth. 
Kwaaaaaang!
The lightning struck the ground. The spirits started to run wild again, and the ghosts cried out. The dark elves in Sky Forest fell to the ground and trembled. 
‘Master!’ 
Green Wind shrieked with pain while still maintaining the strong force field in the lightning. In-gong used Blink once again. Immediately after escaping from the rain of lightning, he used his last Dragon Breath. 
The demon god reached out immediately. The demonic god slid both hands over the light pillar and tried to grab it. 
Green Wind hugged In-gong from behind as he roared with all his strength. His strong willpower and emotions strengthened the Dragon Words! 
Kwa kwang!
There was a sudden explosion from the magic vortex. However, it was different from the thunder. 
The magic vortex weakened. The pace was slowed down, but it definitely decreased in scale. 
Silvan... It was the result of destroying one of the magic strongholds which strengthened the magic fog. 
Now, only four remained. 
The demonic god swung its arms. Dragon Breath started to split apart once again. 
The fairy shone, and In-gong roared! 
Kwakakakakang!
Dragon Breath was smashed, but this time, it worked. The demonic god shrieked as its two arms were deflected. In-gong quickly pulled out the Heavenly Wind and an elixir from his inventory. 
Lightning once again rained from the sky. This time, it was close to an indiscriminate bombing as it struck the ground and palace, not In-gong. However, Sylvia’s barrier blocked the rain of lightning. The demonic god cried out louder and waved its arms in the air, causing the magic vortex to swirl rapidly again. Thousands of specters emerged from the swirling fog and rushed to the ground. 
This was the demonic god’s instinct. It realized that there were people trying to weaken the magic vortex which was its source. 
In-gong breathed in and grabbed his right arm with his left hand. He thought he would die from the successive Dragon Breaths, but he had to draw the demonic god’s attention. 
Then Dragon Blood kicked in. In-gong used the power of the elder dragons contained in their equipment. 
He rushed through the air toward the demonic god. Simultaneously, the demonic god stretched out its hands toward In-gong. This caused the lightning, which was aiming for the ground, to change direction and head toward In-gong. 
“Green Wind!” 
White Eagle and Black Eagle separated. Black Eagle became Alpha and Beta, which meant three shields now revolved around In-gong. 
The lightning bounced off, and the demonic god aimed its hand directly at In-gong. 
Kwa kwang!
The magic vortex shook again. This was a result of the destruction of the second magic stronghold. The demonic god screamed, and In-gong used Blink to avoid its hands. As he rushed toward the demonic god, he added additional parts to Earth Quaker. 
“Gigantic Piston—!” 
A giant fist of aura struck the demonic god’s chest. 
The demonic god’s large upper body was broken, but In-gong wasn’t safe. The magic power emitted by the demonic god pushed at In-gong’s whole body. The demonic god quickly reached out and caught In-gong roughly. 
In-gong tried to use Blink, but it was impossible. The demonic god’s magic power didn’t allow it. 
Kwa kwang!
The third magic stronghold was destroyed, but the demonic god didn’t let go. Rather, it poured the remaining magic power toward In-gong, who used everything he had to resist it. 
Sylvia gritted her teeth as she watched this. So, she tried to save In-gong by turning the shield magic around the palace into an attack. 
“Shutra!” 
It was Caitlin and Felicia who destroyed the third magic stronghold. Felicia howled and Caitlin’s aura exploded as they tried to do something from the ground. 
The Black Flame Dragon rushed toward the demonic god. Chris broke through hundreds of specters and finally reached the fourth magic stronghold. 
The demonic god stared at In-gong. Then while Sylvia moved her magic power, In-gong squeezed out his divinity. 
"Ohhhhhh!" 
Chris destroyed the fourth magic stronghold. This time, the explosion was huge and destroyed some of the giant. 
Kwakakang!
The swirling magic power once again fluctuated. Four of the five magic strongholds were destroyed, and this was the aftermath. The demonic god, who was pouring magic power toward In-gong, experienced a backlash of magic. 
In-gong was finally free from the demonic god’s hands, and the magic power which formed the barrier around the palace rose toward the demonic god. 
"Prince!” 
Carack swung his fists and yelled. The last magic stronghold was destroyed. 
The demonic god shrieked as the magic vortex was weakened to half of its original size. Then the magic power of the palace struck the demonic god. 
In-gong gritted his teeth. Although five of the magic strongholds were destroyed, the demonic god was still powerful. 
Dragon Breath and True Destruction weren’t enough. 
He had to penetrate the core of that vortex as well as the demonic god with a more powerful force. 
However, In-gong could do it. 
He took deep breaths in midair. while the demonic god was distracted by Sylvia’s magic power. 
Recorder Torres’ El Ragra... 
It was located in Earth Quaker.
In-gong formed a fist and triggered the power of El Ragra!



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 191 - Chapter 39: Ghosts #6
The elder dragons’ equipment were meant for Drakon Kechatulla, not the elder dragons themselves. 
So, Recorder Torres had started thinking. The Conquest Knight would be the next generation’s Drakon Kechatulla. Simultaneously, they would have the power to subjugate and conquer all things, which meant they would be able to manage the various equipment of the elder dragons. 
Thus, Recorder Torres had made his equipment for one purpose. 
It would collect... collect and amplify. 
This was El Ragra— 
The Ring of Conquest. 
&  
The demonic god looked at In-gong. The fairy shone, and there was a burst of magic power. It pushed at the magic power of the palace which Sylvia was using. 
Sylvia screamed, but she didn’t fall down. Instead of falling, she glared at the demonic god. As queen of the dark elves, she had to do her best. 
Darkness enveloped the palace. She didn’t even hold back any magic power to maintain the lighting of the palace. All the magic power of the palace was being used to pressure the demonic god. 
Sylvia’s body trembled, and the clothes she wore were dirty with blood. 
From the beginning, the magic power of the palace was connected to the magic fog. The destruction of the magic strongholds which strengthened the magic fog also affected the palace. The palace was quickly being exhausted of its magic power, so it was impossible to push back the demonic god like this. 
However, she could buy some time. The demonic god swung its arms, but Sylvia used the magic power of the palace to restrict it from moving freely. 
In-gong took a deep breath. He triggered the power of El Ragra and faced the demonic god. The magic power was fluctuating. There were screams, and it seemed like the sky was going to fall down. 
A golden light sprang from Earth Quaker, followed by a bright green light from White Eagle and a dark blue light from Night Watch. 
In his god state, In-gong activated Dragon Blood. Dragon Style and magic power poured out from the dragon heart. 
He formed a fist. The first thing which came out of the end of his fist was aura. Magic power was added and then divinity. 
The aura became a white ring. It floated slowly over his fist, and a green ring of magic power was created. Dhrtarastra, the gandharva divinity, was a gold and black ring on top. 
Three rings were spinning above his fist. They were getting larger and faster. 
His aura hearts pounded so roughly that it felt like they would all burst. 
The demonic god noticed this. The power growing on In-gong’s fist was so terrifying that even the demonic god started to feel threatened. Although it had shrunk by half, it was still more than 100 meters in diameter, and lightning poured down from it. 
Kwaaaaaang!
It was a splendid sight. The night seemed to split apart and fall to the ground, while Sylvia’s maids raised their hands to their heads and cried. Sylvia unleashed the barrier of magic power to block the rain of lightning. She felt an intense pain every time lightning struck the barrier, but she didn’t fall. 
Chris looked up at the sky. The sight of the lightning was fearsome. Even the ghosts which covered the ground were astonished and couldn’t move. 
Chris moved violently between the ghosts, then he looked up at the sky and shouted loudly, 
“Silvan!” 
"Ohhhhhh!" 
The Black Flame Dragon rode the wind. It moved almost vertically and passed the point where the demonic god’s magic power and Sylvia’s magic power were colliding. 
The three rings above In-gong’s right hand became one. 
Silvan took off his eyepatch and raised his fist which contained the power of the fairy! 
Kwaaaaaang!
There was a loud roar from the Black Flame Dragon as it moved among the lightning bolts. A pillar of red light penetrated the rain of lightning and struck the demonic god.
While the demonic god shook, Caitlin kicked the air as she hugged Felicia, who was using flying magic. The Starlight Core was reacting. Sensing this, Caitlin Moonlight released all her aura. 
“Shutra!” 
In-gong pulled back his fist. Green Wind hugged In-gong from behind and conveyed the power of White Eagle. An enormous amount of magic power from Abseltur’s heart entered In-gong. 
The rain of lightning stopped, and Sylvia coughed up blood. The demonic god smashed the red pillar with his arms, and Silvan fell to his knees before activating the fairy again. He regained his vigour and launched another attack at the demonic god. 
Then Carack and Seira looked up at the sky as a light streaked across. The lightning thrown by the demonic god struck the Black Flame Dragon, while the red pillar pierced its shoulder. 
Sylvia finally completely depleted the magic power of the palace. 
In-gong pulled back his fist. As the demonic god grabbed its shoulder, it saw In-gong. Its remaining hand stretched out and used the power of the magic vortex. Then the demonic god grabbed a huge lightning bolt. 
Chris took a deep breath. Felicia called out Silvan’s name. Caitlin grabbed her chest and focused on the Starlight Core. 
It was at that moment that...
The demonic god threw the lightning bolt toward In-gong. 
In-gong shouted using Dragon Words. 
Lightning and divinity rushed angrily toward each other. 
A white light extended from In-gong’s fist. Strengthened by the tricolour rings, the white light penetrated El Ragra’s golden ring. 
The power was amplified. The white pillar of light grew and collided with the lightning, shattering the lightning and thunder. 
The pillar of light didn’t stop there. It stretched out and reached the magic vortex. 
As the pillar of light passed, the demonic god tried to stretch out an arm to stop it. However, it didn’t stop. In-gong’s attack wasn’t over yet! 
"Ohhhhhh!" 
He let out a fierce Dragon Word containing all of his will. Then In-gong grabbed his right arm with his left hand and swung his right arm. The gigantic pillar of light split apart and attacked both the demonic god and the magic vortex. 
Kwaaaaaang!
The pillar of light split the magic vortex apart. The demonic god caught the pillar of light with one hand, and In-gong burned with his divinity. He released all the power he had as the divine humanoid of Dhrtarastra. 
The white woman shouted from In-gong’s soul, and Green Wind roared along with In-gong. 
The demonic god had already consumed a lot of power and couldn’t hold on anymore. The arm of the demonic god was destroyed by the pillar of light, and the pillar tore through the magic fog. It stretched out and cut through the demonic god and the sky! 
Kwang!
 
Kwang!
 
Kwang!
 
Kwang!
The magic vortex exploded, and the thunderstorm continued. The demonic god couldn’t keep its shape anymore. Then there was a gigantic flash which erased the night. 
The pillar of light also crumbled. In-gong panted as he held his right arm, and Green Wind had consumed so much power that she could not maintain her solid state anymore. 
In-gong swallowed his saliva. His Spiritualism was now released, and the long black hair scattered in the wind, while the golden eyes returned to their original red colour. 
He felt like he was dying. This was something he definitely didn’t want to do twice. 
In-gong stretched and waited. Then the clear voice of a woman resonated in his head. 
[Your level has risen.] 
The voice sounded more exhausted than usual. As the white light, which signalled a level up, surrounded him, the woman’s pained voice continued, 
[Your level has risen.] 
[Your level has risen.] 
[Your level has risen.] 
[Title: Fresh Slayer (Beginner) has been acquired.] 
[You have acquired the rights to create volumes of Divine Sura Authority.] 
[The level of Divinity has risen.] 
[The level of Heavenly Wine has risen.] 
[The level of Divine Scent has risen.] 
[The level of Pheromones has risen.] 
In-gong laughed at the last sentence. He regained his physical strength, but he was so tired that he wanted to sleep. Therefore, In-gong relied on Night Watch and White Eagle to bring his body down. He then closed his eyes and heard Felicia’s and Caitlin’s voices from afar. 
&  
The demonic god were destroyed. 
The power left behind by the first fairy king was now diminished, and the magic strongholds which had strengthened the magic fog were destroyed. 
The meaning of that wasn’t small. 
&  
The Black Flame Dragon crash landed. Its proud black wings were broken, but the body itself was relatively unharmed. 
Silvan leaned back against the control panel and covered the fairy with his right hand. Thanks to the power of Conquest, it was already stabilized. 
As Silvan sighed with relief, his left eye focused on something else. Chris was approaching. 
&  
In-gong’s body, wrapped in Night Watch, descended slowly and reached the top floor of the palace. 
Caitlin, who had been running through the air, rushed toward In-gong. Felicia jumped from Caitlin’s arms and burst into tears as she hugged In-gong. After seeing In-gong’s face, she felt relief that it was over. Her tension was released, and she didn’t hesitate to collapse to the ground. 
Instead of sitting down like Felicia, Caitlin stood. However, her tension was released as well. 
Sylvia looked at Felicia and Caitlin from the throne. She had lost so much blood that her vision was blurry. Additionally, she was worried about the state of Sky Forest after being separated from the fog of magic power. 
Instead of standing up, Sylvia lay on the throne. It was because she couldn’t feel Sky Forest. 
&  
Daphne and Karma hugged each other with relief, while Amita sighed as their ears and tail sagged. 
Why had the ghost of the fairy king run wild at this time? What did it mean? 
Amita once again recalled Kafran, guardian of Spider Forest. 
&  
The person who was moving hastily stopped in his place, and he wasn’t alone. The two people with him also looked up at the sky blankly. They were Beatrice, the incarnation of Mother Earth, and Mercenary King Carlov, called the greatest warrior on the continent. 
The night was split apart. It was the only way to describe the sight they saw. 
Warrior Locke, who was at the forefront, gulped. He knew it was due to Drakon Kechatulla. 
The one who had cut through the night was a Drakon Kechatulla, just like Locke. 
It was the Demon World’s Drakon Kechatulla. 
No, that wasn’t all. Locke felt divinity as well. It was clearly divine power. 
He couldn’t help laughing. It was a smile filled with resilience and relief. 
“Truly a monster.” 
According to Queian, his teacher and father, the Drakon Kechatulla created by the Demon World... was the Conquest Knight. 
Locke grabbed the Warrior’s Sword at his waist without knowing it. He stood and stared up at the night sky. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 192 - Chapter 40: To the North
It was a dark and narrow room. 
The War Knight in red armour was sitting before a platform. 
There was no opponent on the other side of the game board. However, on the game board, black and white pieces were fighting each other. 
The War Knight had been alive for many years. The number of people in the Demon World who had lived longer than him could be counted on one hand. However, the War Knight wasn’t as old as the Death Knight. Therefore, the relationship between the War Knight and War was somewhat different from the relationship between the Death Knight and Death. 
War looked at the game board through the eyes of the War Knight. The War Knight was silent, and War didn’t hate such a knight. 
There were many fights and many defeats. War lost some of his apostles. 
However, that was merely a tactical defeat. From a strategic point of view, the story had changed. War, the red flame-like woman, liked this about war. 
The dark elves of Sky Forest had destroyed the magic fog with their own hands. The magic power the first fairy king left behind had disappeared, and there was no longer a magic fog in Sky Forest. 
‘It was a little surprising.’ 
She hadn’t expected the Death Knight to be defeated. The future the red woman had anticipated was one in which the demonic god self-destructed after exhausting all the magic power in the fog. 
The War Knight’s hands carried out a move on the board. The singularity, 2nd Prince Zephyr Ragnaros, was already in the north. 
Another singularity, the warrior, was heading toward the north, and he would soon reach. 
‘The Conquest Knight will also head north.’ 
There was no such thing as unconditional victory in a war. There were always many variables which could overthrow the direction of the war. 
The Conquest Knight had achieved several tactical victories, so his presence was impossible to ignore. 
Maybe the convergence of two singularities and the Conquest Knight in the north would cause a strategic defeat. 
The War Knight moved his hand again. The red woman looked at his fingertips and thought of the places which contained strategic value: 
The Demon World’s absolute defense called Aegis Gate;
The Demon King’s Palace located at the heart of the Demon World; 
And the Sanctuary. 
The red woman let out a long breath, savouring the flames of war which were deep in her chest. 
&  
Sky Forest was a mess. As the fog disappeared and the surroundings became clearer, the terrible sight became more vivid. 
Beatrice laid down a family of dark elves, who had been slaughtered by the ghouls, next to each other and chanted a short prayer.
She showed no discrimination as her golden magic healed other dark elves. 
“Huu.” 
Beatrice smiled warmly as she touched the cheek of a dark elf child. 
“Locke, what will you do now?” 
Beatrice asked, flicking back her golden hair. In order to look like an elf, she wore a white blouse and leather trousers, instead of a white robe. Additionally, she had given herself long ears by using magic. 
Locke shrugged as he pulled an injured person out from a collapsed house. 
"I will help here as long as I can. We aren’t too conspicuous yet.” 
Locke was dressed in the normal red clothes of a sura. Just like Beatrice was disguised as an elf, he was disguised as a sura. 
The group had been rescuing the dark elves for hours already. As he said, they were in the remote areas to avoid being noticed. 
"Then, we will become the allies of the Conquest Knight we saw yesterday?” 
Carlov asked as he moved between Locke and Beatrice. The mercenary king had taken advantage of his magnificent body to disguise as a lycanthrope. The lycanthropes wore armour, so there was almost no difference from what he usually wore.
Carlov flopped down on the ground, while Beatrice sat down on some rocks nearby. Locke shrugged. 
"Let's see? I haven’t confirmed anything except for his strength. Moreover, the Guardian warned against the Conquest Knight.” 
Locke had heard the story from Guardian Queian. 
Queian didn’t fully believe in Conquest’s betrayal. Even if she had really betrayed the other riders, Queian believed that fighting together was dangerous. 
Locke understood Queian’s thoughts. Although he had never encountered them personally, the Four Riders of the Apocalypse were those born for the end of the world. It wasn’t easy to change that innate nature. 
Locke remembered Queian’s words and nodded. Then he turned back to Carlov, who was still staring in his direction. 
“What is it?” 
"No, I just had an absurd thought. The three of us are in alone in the Demon World. I am grateful that the Guardian believes in us, but... I think it is a little too much.” 
Additionally, he was embarrassed about the thought of cooperating with the Conquest Knight since they were in an area where they had no one else to ally with. 
However, Locke just said with a charming smile, 
"Carl, aren’t you one of the three people?” (Carl=nickname)
The Mercenary King and Saintess... The three strongest people were together, which gave them a power equivalent to that of an army. 
“Um, I agree.” 
Carlov was convinced, and this caused Beatrice to laugh. She poked Carlov’s sturdy arm with her finger and asked, 
"Carl, are you praising yourself right now?” 
"Locke is the one who said it.” 
"I am a mighty warrior.” 
It was Locke who replied, not Beatrice. Carlov was impressed with Locke’s response, while Beatrice simply giggled and nodded like he was correct. 
"Hey, isn’t it amazing?” 
“What?” 
At Carlov’s blunt question, Beatrice pulled his arm and pointed. 
“The Demon World. Isn’t it different from what we thought?” 
"That is true. Honestly... I feel like I just travelled to a foreign country. The land is more fertile than I thought. Well, the barren places are seriously barren.” 
They had expected sulfur fires and monsters roaming the streets, but the Demon World was surprisingly ordinary. 
Of course, it was a land where brutal power ruled, but it was much better than they expected. There were good people and bad people. In this sense, it was just like the Human World. 
"I was honestly wondering what the Guardian was thinking when he sent you to the Demon World, but... doesn’t it seem like we can cooperate with the people here? And not just the Conquest Knight? I think it will work out pretty well.” 
They had encountered many people while travelling through the Demon World. Even though the demon king had taken over, the people seemed just like humans. 
"But there might not be a need to fight. Our biggest goal isn’t to fight but to make sure it doesn’t spill over to the Human World.” 
Locke calmed down Beatrice’s excitement with his steady voice. Beatrice pouted slightly, while Carlov laughed. 
The reason why these three people had come to the Demon World was simple: 
Guardian Queian had predicted that a great fight would happen in the north. 
They had to prevent the flames of war from spreading by keeping the war inside the Demon World. 
Queian said it was enough for the Demon World to burn, but Locke disagreed. He also thought about protecting the Demon World, if it was possible. 
“For now, let’s keep an eye on the situation from behind. Once we reach the end of the north, I will have to draw my sword even if I don’t want to.” 
Locke tapped the Warrior’s Sword at his waist, and Beatrice and Carlov nodded in agreement. 
&  
In-gong woke up. Instead of opening his eyes, In-gong turned toward the warmth he felt in his arms. It was a little warmer than usual, but it was probably Green Wind. In-gong stretched out a hand like it was a habit and stroked Green Wind’s head. 
“Greenie...” 
'Did you call Master?’ 
Green Wind immediately responded to his voice. However, the voice was ringing in his ears, not from outside. 
In-gong opened his eyes and realized that he was touching dark blue hair, not green. The owner of the hair wriggled slightly in his arms and asked, 
“Shutra, are you awake?” 
“Caitlin noona?” 
The golden eyes obviously belonged to Caitlin. She was still half-asleep as she nodded and buried her nose in In-gong’s chest. 
"You smell good.” 
He felt a strange sensation when she sniffed his chest. Then a sharp voice saved In-gong from his embarrassment. 
"If you are awake, stop now. Haven’t you almost recovered all of your aura as well?” 
It was Chris who spoke to both In-gong and Caitlin. The gigantic prince grabbed Caitlin’s neck like she was a cat and lifted her up. Caitlin truly looked like a lycanthrope as she dangled from Chris’ hand. 
“Chris hyung.” 
In-gong understood instinctively as he called Chris’ name. The Moonlight Core and Starlight Core... Both of them had been placed on the same bed so that their aura could recover, just like before in the lycanthrope territory. 
“Besides you, Caitlin also received a shock to her aura... Hum, hum. This scent is great.” 
Chris started sniffing, and Caitlin spoke with a large smile,
"Isn't it?” 
The lycanthrope siblings looked at In-gong and smiled. In-gong shrugged and tried to move back. 
"Hey, you aren’t going to eat me, are you? Why can I hear the sound of swallowing?” 
"Your body seems fine.” 
Chris ignored In-gong’s words and sat down on the bed. In-gong backed away a bit more and asked, 
“How long was I asleep?” 
"Just a day.” 
Indeed, In-gong checked the mini-map and saw that it was an hour before noon. He only overslept a little bit from his normal wake-up time. 
“The others?” 
Caitlin and Chris were the only ones in the room. Chris then replied in a somewhat darker voice,
"The damage was huge. Silvan is still out there, and the 3rd Queen is lying in bed. She is just tired from yesterday, but... I still can’t help but worry.” 
Sylvia had used the enormous magic power of the palace to fight the demonic god yesterday. An ordinary magician would have already lost their life. 
“Felicia unni is nursing the queen.” 
Caitlin continued in a gloomy voice. Normally, Felicia would be the first one In-gong saw when he woke up after collapsing, but it made sense that she would be with Sylvia right now. 
“Carack?” 
"Resting outside. Amita is also safe, so you don’t have to worry.” 
“Sky Forest?” 
"As I said earlier, the condition is serious. There are over 1,000 dead or injured. The magic fog has disappeared, and most of the magical facilities, including the palace, are not operating. The rescue operations are still continuing, and it is still unknown what the cause was.” 
Chris’ tone was hard. This meant that the situation was still serious. 
"Still, I'm glad. You were able to defeat the demonic god. If it wasn’t for you, the damage would be much more serious. The casualties would be a few times what it is now.” 
Chris smiled a bit as he stood up before sitting down again. Then he looked straight at In-gong and touched In-gong’s shoulder lightly with his big fist. 
“You are really strong. I honestly don't believe it. What the hell are you doing to have become so strong in a year? I would have believed that a great captain was in Sky Forest.” 
The five captains could be called the mightiest weapons of the demon king. They were just below the demon king and were the peak of strength in the Demon World. 
However, last night, In-gong had shown a strength comparable to that of the captains. 
Chris remembered the day he had seen In-gong during the Red Lightning tribe mission. He had also been there at the moment when In-gong awakened his aura in an absurd manner. 
"I finally know why the sword duke is interested in you. Maybe this world wants you to become stronger. Yes, that is probably the case. There is no other way to explain the many incidents.” 
He really thought it was true. The elder dragons’ equipment, the dragon heart, the Moonlight Core, and the sword duke’s teachings were all once-in-a-lifetime things. 
‘Maybe that is the right answer.’ 
In-gong laughed as he thought about Protagonist Correction, while Chris shook his head. Suppressing his jealous heart, Chris got up from his seat. 
"Anyway, I will be going. There are still a lot of things to do because of this situation. Caitlin, you should watch over Shutra. I think it is better if both of you lie down a little longer.” 
Chris stroked Caitlin’s head roughly before leaving the room. He was just as reliable as his large size. 
In-gong settled his thoughts and stretched his body. At that moment, he felt a breath touch his fingertips. 
"Noona?” 
It was Caitlin. She placed her face near In-gong’s fingertip and took a deep breath. 
"Excuse me, Shutra.” 
“Huh?” 
"Can I suck it just once?” 
Caitlin pointed at his finger, and In-gong couldn’t help nodding. 
&  
“So, why is there a bite?” 
"Slightly, just slightly.”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 193 - Chapter 40: To the North #2
“So, why is there a bite?” 
"Slightly, just slightly.” 
In-gong avoided Carack’s gaze and raised his finger. There was a clean lycanthrope bite on it. 
Although In-gong had agreed, his flesh was too hard for Caitlin at first. In-gong already had a durability figure which was over 100 points, so his skin was incomparable to Villager A. 
Carack looked at In-gong’s wound with a surprised face and laughed. 
"You must have been surprised. 
In-gong had been bitten suddenly. 
However, he just shook his head. 
"I think Caitlin noona was even more surprised. She did it unconsciously while struggling.” 
Her expression while it happened had been really cute. The way Caitlin bit In-gong accidentally and was even more startled than he was… It reminded him of a puppy from his childhood. 
‘It is really the same.’ 
Caitlin was pretty cute. 
In-gong continued thinking that word. Then Carack narrowed his eyes and said with a serious voice, 
"Prince, don’t you think it is more dangerous if you keep thinking that?” 
“I-Is that so?" 
The boat might have already sailed. It sounded like a joke, but unconsciously, it didn’t really seem like one. 
“Sniff, sniff. By the way, Prince’s smell seems to have weakened?” 
Even though he was pretty close, the smell was thin and delicate. If the person smelling it wasn’t within a really close distance or concentrating like Carack was now, it would be hard to know that the scent originated from In-gong. 
This hadn’t been the case a few days ago. Previously, just by going near him, one would smell like a flower garden. 
In-gong answered with a smile, 
"I’m controlling it.” 
"That scent... it was the aroma from your body?” 
“Yes.” 
"And now, you’re controlling it?” 
"That’s right.” 
In-gong himself was surprised. Perhaps this fragrance was the result of the skill ‘ Heavenly Wine’. Although the gandharva smelt good, In-gong’s scent was on a serious level. 
‘Plus, there is more.’ 
Thanks to the unidentified skill effect of Pheromones, his scent was able to be buried somewhat in the pheromones. It could be used to excite or calm a person. 
‘Anyway, I don’t have to worry about being eaten now.’ 
In-gong nodded with satisfaction, but Carack was still looking at him like something was strange. 
"Well, that is a good thing. As 6th Princess would say, you are still a prince.” 
“Yes, so let’s move on.” 
In-gong was already very different from ordinary gandharva. He had a ‘Protagonist Correction’, separate from other gandharva. 
“Then Prince, do you know why something this big happened?” 
Carack’s expression changed as he turned to a new topic. It was a very important story, so In-gong’s expression became serious as well. 
"Just before the specter of the fairy king appeared, I saw a blue aura coming from the fairy king’s tomb.” 
"Is it like what we saw at Thunderdoom Fortress?” 
Their memories of that time were intense because it had been a desperate crisis. In-gong nodded. 
"Yes, this might be related to that power. 
Carack had accompanied In-gong and encountered the energy of Death. He didn’t know what a Death Knight was, but he knew that the strong energy of Death was blue. 
"Hmm, then isn’t there something strange?” 
“What?” 
"If the power of Death was used specifically to resurrect the fairy king... why now?” 
Carack scratched his chin and tilted his head to the side. In-gong couldn’t understand the question. 
"What... does that mean?” 
"Well, I mean, why? Yesterday, the power of the fog in Sky Forest was normal for Sky Forest. If they wanted to target Sky Forest, wouldn’t it be better when the princes, princesses and 3rd Queen wasn’t present? Or at least wait until the princes and princesses have left. I would have done it like that.” 
It was a reasonable opinion. If their purpose was to destroy Sky Forest or to use the specter of the fairy king, then doing it yesterday had been a really poor choice. 
"Well, that might not be the only variable involved. It might not be possible to resurrect the fairy king any time they wanted.” 
It was the ghost of the first fairy king, so resurrecting him wouldn’t be an easy task. 
‘Moreover, he is stronger compared to the version of him in Knight Saga.’ 
In Knight Saga, the first fairy king didn’t use the magic fog of Sky Forest. However, yesterday’s fairy king could only be described as a demonic god. 
‘Master, the talking raccoon has come.’ 
In-gong heard Green Wind’s voice while he was thinking. Green Wind was still exhausted from yesterday, so she wasn’t in her semi-solid state. 
'Are you in pain?’ 
‘I’m okay, Master. I am just saving my strength. I’ll be okay soon.’ 
As he exchanged words with Green Wind, the door opened. Just as Green Wind said, Amita showed up with Daphne and Karma behind them. 
“Is your body okay? You aren’t hurt anywhere?” 
In-gong expressed his concern for Amita. Daphne laughed softly. 
"I have heard about Prince’s performance. Thank you, Your Highness. You saved everyone.” 
Daphne and Karma greeted him politely. In-gong’s heart warmed at their words. 
"I’m glad that Daphne and Karma are safe. Amita as well.” 
He was truly relieved to see that all three of them were safe. Then Amita came up to the bed and said, 
"Hum, hum. Prince, there is something I want to talk about.” 
“What is it?” 
"It is simply a feeling, but it seems like this incident is related to the attacks on the guardians.” 
Amita didn’t seem to just be talking about the purple energy or blue energy. Carack also felt the difference as he folded his arms. 
"Raccoon, the fog isn’t a guardian. Oh, maybe the big ghost of the fairy king is the guardian?” 
They knew about the events where the guardians of various places had been attacked by the monsters covered with purple energy. 
"Well, I don’t know about that. Like I said, it is simply a feeling.” 
Amita responded as their ears and tail moved. It seemed like they had no confidence either. Then Carack added, 
"Raccoon, it seems plausible, but Sky Forest hasn’t become a desert. Is there any more specific evidence?” 
"No, I told you that it’s just my feeling! Why are you taking it so seriously?!” 
Amita burst out angrily. 
'Carack is right but...’ 
In-gong was nervous. He didn’t forget that Amita wasn’t an ordinary raccoon. Amita had defended the last flame for many years, so he couldn’t ignore Amita’s senses. 
Carack folded his arms and was about to say something else. 
Then at that moment... 
“Your Highness.” 
Amita opened the door to reveal a dark elf. It was Felicia’s aide, Delia. 
“Delia.” 
Carack stated in a nice voice. Delia greeted Carack with her eyes, but the expressions on both their faces were unusual. 
‘Is Delia the winner of the contest for Carack? 
Doesn’t Seira seem like she still has a chance?’ 
As In-gong was thinking this, Delia approached the bed. 
"Your Highness, the queen is looking for you.” 
“The queen? Has she woken up?” 
"Yes, she just woke up. She said she has something to share with Prince. It is possible to visit her now.” 
In-gong was half lying on the bed, but his stamina had already recovered. So, he nodded and said,
"I understand, I will go right away. Just wait a moment.” 
It was natural that he needed to be prepared to meet the queen. Delia expressed her gratitude and stepped back from the bed. 
However, instead of putting on clothes like everyone expected, In-gong started pulling things out of his inventory. 
"Prince, what are you doing?” 
“Gifts.” 
In-gong took out the Heavenly Wine previously made for Sylvia as well as the highest quality elixir. 
He instantly mixed them together. The combination of magic power, divinity, and Dragon Words made it an incomparable mixture. 
'Come to think of it, if I create new blood, will it have a better effect and taste?’
Both Divinity and Heavenly Wine had levelled up. 
However, it was too cumbersome to make a new Heavenly Wine right now. There were too many eyes. 
As soon as In-gong opened the bottle of Heavenly Wind, Amita sniffed and jumped up. 
“Heok! Are you mixing that good drink with the elixir?!” 
"It is because the queen is precious. She played a really big role in this fight.” 
If it hadn’t been for Sylvia, then he wouldn’t have won against the fairy king. Sylvia had collapsed from depleting her magic power, so he wanted to give her more. 
"I-I also tried!” 
Amita shouted. Both eyes were fixed on the Heavenly Wine. 
"Well, Amita also played an active role.” 
“T-that's right.” 
Amita’s tail waved fiercely at In-gong’s words. In-gong patted Amita lightly on the head and said, 
“Well done.” 
Then he once again focused on the combination. 
After 10 seconds or so...
Amita angrily pounded the floor with their tail. 
&  
After preparing the new Heavenly Wine, In-gong changed clothes with Carack’s help. 
He walked along with Karma and Daphne, who was holding Amita, but it wasn’t an exaggeration to say that Delia and Carack were leading the way. 
Contrary to expectations, Delia headed to the top floor, instead of Sylvia’s room. As soon as Sylvia woke up, she had insisted on going to the throne on the top floor. 
The evidence of yesterday’s horror remained all over the palace. The number of dark elves walking around the palace was also greatly reduced. 
In front of the office on the top floor, there were guards standing with stiff faces. However, it wasn’t just due to fatigue and tension. 
‘They are still worried.’ 
Sylvia was a very beloved queen, so it was likely the guards’ expressions were due to Sylvia. 
"The queen is waiting. Go in comfortably.” 
A leader of the dark elf guards said to In-gong. The leader knew the whole story regarding yesterday, so he had very favourable feelings toward In-gong. 
In-gong headed into the office. The structure of the room meant that all eyes went to Sylvia on the throne as soon as they entered. 
“Shutra.” 
Felicia spoke from next to the throne, but she didn’t run in his direction. In-gong looked at Sylvia next to her. Her complexion was pale, and she seemed to have no strength. 
“Your Majesty the Queen.” 
In-gong approached the podium and bowed. Every one except Amita followed his example, and Sylvia gave a pained smile. 
Then at that moment... 
In-gong suddenly looked up at the sky. Just like yesterday, the ceiling was open, and he could see a clear sky without any clouds. 
The cause of his sudden action was the white woman. She didn’t voice it, but In-gong could see it. The white woman was looking at the sky. She felt something. 
Everyone was confused by In-gong’s sudden action except for Sylvia. Her smile widened as she said, 
“As expected from Shutra. You already noticed.” 
“Omamama?” 
Felicia asked Sylvia what she meant. Instead of answering, Sylvia chanted a song-like spell. 
It was using Sylvia’s magic power, rather than the palace’s. Felicia was nervous about Sylvia’s condition but fortunately, it wasn’t a big burden. As Sylvia’s recitation continued, sparkling lights started to pour down from the sky. It was like looking at stars in the middle of the day. 
The dancing lights descended from the sky and reached Sylvia’s thighs. In-gong followed the light and could see what it was. 
It was a crystal of magic power which had been broken and divided into several pieces. 
This was a fairy. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 194 - Chapter 40: To the North #3
There were five pieces of light. Felicia stared at the pieces of light sitting on Sylvia’s thigh and gulped. 
“This...” 
"It is the rumoured fairy. It is like the fairy of the first fairy king.” 
It was Amita who spoke in a heavy tone. They had climbed up the podium and was now staring at the pieces of light. 
Sylvia smiled faintly. 
"Amita truly has a discerning eye. Yes, it is divided into several pieces, but it is a fairy.” 
It was different from common fairies. Despite losing its shape, this was actually the fairy of the first fairy king. 
Sylvia slowly moved her hands and touched the pieces of light with her thin fingers. It gave off a warm magic power with no signs of wickedness at all. 
"I saw it before losing consciousness and felt it immediately after waking up. Maybe it was the first fairy king who told me.” 
The first fairy king was glad. The specter had attempted to destroy Sky Forest with the fog which had been prepared to defend it. 
However, Sylvia didn’t think that was the true fairy king. After all, he was someone who had tried to defend the dark elves even after death. 
Sylvia had heard the voice of the fairy king at the last minute. It wasn’t a mistake nor a hallucination created by a desperate mind.  
It had been the fairy king’s voice. 
After nearly destroying Sky Forest with his own hands, he sent a message of thanks for stopping him. 
“Sky Forest has lost the power of the fog. The source of magic power which enriched Sky Forest is gone. But if there is some contained in this fairy... I think I can regain half the strength.” 
As the magic fog disappeared, the Dark Elves’ Palace also lost all its magic power. The restoration of the palace was necessary for Sky Forest to function properly. 
Sylvia picked up one of the five pieces. There was one sole piece shining green among all the gold pieces. 
“Shutra, this is your share.” 
As Sylvia placed the piece in the air, a mysterious thing happened. Although he didn’t use any magic power or Telekinesis, the green piece fell toward In-gong’s palm. 
"Can you tell after touching it?” 
Sylvia asked, and In-gong nodded. He really felt it the moment he touched the piece. 
“Yes, Your Majesty.” 
“Shutra?” 
Felicia stood next to Sylvia and asked about what Sylvia was saying. Clearly, Felicia had a few questions. 
In-gong grabbed the green piece lightly and answered,
"This piece of the fairy is tinged with my magic power.” 
Every magic had its own colour and attributes. The magic power of the fairy king was gold while this piece was green. Not just the colour but the nature of the magic power was the same as In-gong’s. 
"It might be the impact of the last strike or a gift from the fairy king... Only the heavens know the truth, but I think it is the latter.” 
According to Sylvia’s belief, it was a gift the fairy king left behind for In-gong. 
‘Conquest.’ 
The white woman whispered from In-gong’s soul. In-gong grabbed the piece of light and used his magic power. Then the piece shone with a bright light and became a solid green gem. 
Everyone let out a cry of admiration as the mass of magic power crystallized in front of them. There was a look of delight on Sylvia’s face. 
"The piece of fairy contains powerful magic... I think it would be nice to add it to the various spells that Shutra has.” 
Sylvia had gained some insights into In-gong’s magic power after last night’s fight. Everyone nodded at her words while Amita, who was in front of the throne, jumped down and shouted, 
"I-I’ll add it! Let me do it! This Amita is a professional!” 
Amita ran down the stairs excitedly and stopped in front of In-gong. 
"Let me! Yes? I'll do it!” 
“U-Understood. I'll leave it to you. Calm down.” 
At In-gong’s reflexive words, Amita sighed while their eyes shone like lanterns. 
“Heok, heok. You really will leave it to me?” 
'Master, the pig raccoon has become a strange racoon.’ 
Green Wind whispered in a teasing tone. In-gong agreed as he saw the greed in Amita’s eyes. 
"Just a glass, right?” 
"Sob, sob. How about two glasses?” 
Amita’s reason for doing this was to get the Heavenly Wine. 
In-gong struggled for a short moment before nodding. Sometimes a carrot was necessary. 
“Okay, two cups.” 
“Yah! I’ll put it on Earth Quaker. Then it will be perfect!” 
Amita chanted and their tail waved as In-gong handed over the piece of fairy. Daphne normally took good care of Amita, but she could only sigh this time. 
However, Sylvia just laughed at the pleasant sight. She was exactly like Felicia, but as she was also a queen, and her every act was more elegant. 
"Well, is it been organized now?” 
“I’m sorry, Your Majesty.” 
In-gong apologized with an embarrassed face. The way he talked to her had changed because this was the palace of the dark elves. 
“Shutra, it is okay to call me Omamama.” 
“Yes, Omamama.” 
It was uncomfortable with 4th Queen Elaine, but it was easy with Sylvia. Unlike Elaine who was completely different from Caitlin, Sylvia was like Felicia on the inside and outside. 
Since their talk had been interrupted, In-gong pulled out the Heavenly Wine he had prepared for Sylvia. Amita waved their tail again, but they didn’t rush forward. 
“Thank you, I’ll drink it well.” 
Now that In-gong had presented the gift to Sylvia, there was only one thing left. 
"Omamama, I have something to say.” 
Sylvia’s expression changed as In-gong’s voice became low and serious. 
"Tell me, Shutra." 
In-gong took a deep breath and talked about his guess regarding the fairy king. 
He mentioned the various places in the Demon World which had been attacked by those with a purple aura as well as the guardians who had lost their lives. 
Then he went on to talk about the threats of the Knights of the Apocalypse which had already been reported to the Demon King’s Palace. 
After listening to In-gong’s story, Sylvia was upset. 
"Indeed. There is also Amita’s feeling. That is quite a story.” 
The dark elves suffered huge damage because of this incident, and that wasn’t limited to just physical damage. The first fairy king was a spiritual guardian for the dark elves. So, to have such an existence wanting to destroy Sky Forest, it had a tremendous mental impact on the dark elves. 
"I will look for the various causes behind this. If I figure out why, then I will tell Shutra.” 
“Thank you.” 
As In-gong bowed, Felicia looked at Sylvia’s complexion and said, 
“Omamama. I think you should go to your room and rest now..." 
Her voice was full of worry, and Sylvia nodded slowly. 
"Shutra, you should also get a good rest. Felicia, there is no need to follow me. Take a rest for the day. Do you understand?” 
“Yes, Omamama.” 
Felicia replied, and Sylvia left the office with her maids. The group walked out a few minutes later, and someone was waiting for them outside the office. 
“Is it finished?” 
The person was Caitlin, who was waiting with Seira. Felicia rushed over to them and touched Caitlin’s body as she asked, 
"Caitlin, are you okay? Are you hurting anywhere?” 
“Yes, yes. I’m fine.” 
Caitlin had fainted in front of Felicia after using aura excessively. So, Felicia’s fussing was understandable. 
Felicia’s and Caitlin’s sisterly actions improved the mood, while Carack headed toward Caitlin. 
"Princess, I heard that you tasted Prince.” 
Caitlin flinched at the surprise attack. Felicia blinked with confusion when she saw the visible reaction. 
"Tasted Shutra? What are you talking about?" 
“Uh... t-that is actually...” 
Caitlin hesitated before explaining what had happened with In-gong. In-gong turned red, while Felicia’s eyes narrowed. 
"Hmm, I see. Yes, something like that happened. So? What was the taste?” 
At Felicia’s question, Caitlin glanced back at In-gong before whispering in Felicia’s ear. 
"Uhh, I see. Is that so?” 
Felicia sent In-gong a meaningful smile before whispering to Caitlin again. Then Caitlin looked at In-gong again.
'What are they talking about?’ 
He wasn’t sure, but it smelled dangerous. In-gong adjusted the skill Divine Scent to try and hide it. 
&  
While In-gong’s group was talking with Sylvia, Chris searched for Silvan’s room. Sepira, who was guarding Silvan’s bed, was disconcerted by Chris’ visit, but Silvan was different. He faced Chris with a blank face, unlike his usual self. 
Instead of approaching the bed, Chris stopped in the middle of the room. He stared at Silvan, who was lying on the bed due to the overuse of magic power, and then fixed his gaze on the right eye which was covered by an eyepatch. 
“The fairy... can you control it?” 
It was an unexpected question. Sepira gulped. The fact that Silvan had the fairy was a secret which only a few dark elves knew. Yet the prince of the lycanthrope’s words suggested that he knew about it. 
It was Chris who first came to the crashed Black Flame Dragon. Did he see the fairy at that time? No, even if he saw it, how did he know it was the fairy? The fairy was just a superstition among the dark elves. 
Sepira’s expression became complicated as many thoughts passed through her head. However, Silvan just replied in a calm voice, 
“Thanks to Shutra.” 
Silvan didn’t say anything else, and Chris didn’t ask. He just stared at Silvan for a while and frowned. 
“Rest.” 
Chris said in a low voice before turning and leaving the room. Silvan watched Chris’ back with half closed eyes. Rather than explaining to Sepira, he lost himself in old memories. 
&  
The change at Sky Forest had been passed onto the Demon King’s Palace. 
The capital of the dark elves, one of the strong supporters of the Demon King’s Palace, had been devastated, so the palace couldn’t pass over this news. There were many discussions among the nobles of the palace, and measures were prepared in order to help the dark elves. 
Additionally, In-gong’s actions became a hot topic. It wasn’t just Chris who was reminded of the captains when In-gong defeated the demonic god. 
There were some who said the story was inflated, while others believed 9th Prince would become the next demon king. The strength of 2nd Prince wasn’t easy to beat either. 
While the palace was in an uproar due to Sky Forest and In-gong, the dwelling of the demon king, deep inside the castle, was quiet. 
The demon king, who had refused the requests of the queens to visit and was resting alone, opened his eyes slowly. There was a visitor in the quiet space which In-gong had visited once. 
“Sword Duke.” 
"I heard about it on the way. 9th Prince really seems to be driving the incidents.” 
The sword duke had appeared without any noise. The king shrugged and answered lightly, 
“It is a good thing that the child was around when the incident occurred.” 
What would have happened if In-gong hadn’t been there? 
It was very lucky. Or maybe it was all due to In-gong’s presence. 
"Demon King, do you see something in the flow of fate?” 
“I can’t be sure. Rather, Sword Duke, what is happening?” 
The sword duke seemed like he always appeared suddenly, but that actually wasn’t the case. He always had a reason for showing up before the demon king. As the guardian of the Sanctuary, it was unthinkable that he was leave it for no reason. 
"I’ve found the specific location of the Arch Lich, Shutenberg. He seems to be hiding in the north.” 
It was the north once again. The demon king felt like he was seeing several streams of water become one. 
“Are you going to go?” 
"It is my role as the protector of the Sanctuary." 
He had to eliminate any threats to the Sanctuary. Originally, it was a naturally mission which he didn’t need to report to the demon king. 
However, the sword duke visited the demon king because he had a request. 
"Demon King, can I bring the princes?” 
He didn’t mention specific names, but the demon king understood. Maybe this would be when Zephyr’s and In-gong’s fates intersected. 
“I will allow it.” 
"Thank you. I will come back with good news.” 
The sword duke disappeared as suddenly as he had appeared. The demon king turned his weary body and stared at a distant place. 
However, it wasn’t at In-gong and Zephyr in the northern direction. There was one more person possessing a destiny as strong as the previous two. 
What would result from this intersection of fate? 
The demon king recalled the face of 5th Queen Semita Ignus. Then he looked away from the flow of fate for a moment and lost himself in his memories of her. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 195 - Chapter 41: Discovery
Among the children of the demon king, the first one to arrive at Aegis Gate was 1st Prince Baikal Ragnaros. 
He had a mission in the north, so this was an inevitable result. 
There were fewer transportation formations near Aegis Gate than in any other area, but there were several reasons for this. The two most common reasons were:
Firstly, the flow of magic power in the north was much more complicated in comparison to other regions; and secondly, there were few civilians living in the north. Additionally, most of the places there were military facilities. 
The entire transportation formation network which enabled long-distance spatial movement was more detailed and complicated than imagined. It was so delicate that the flow of magic power around it was likely to cause problems in terms of stability. 
The main users of the transportation formations were the Demon King’s Palace and the VIPs of each species. If there were to be an accident during the transition, then an unnatural death would occur. So, it couldn’t be operated with low stability. 
The second reason was that it was a matter of efficiency. There was a limit to the volume which could be transported at once. In emergency situations, they were activated several times to transfer a large number of troops and materials. However, considering the amount of magic power required to activate the transportation formations, this was unreasonable during peacetime. 
When considering just the efficiency, the railway operating in the north was far superior for transportation. Instead of installing low stability transportation formations in the north, the Demon King’s Palace relied on land transportation such as railways for the movement of supplies. 
Baikal was interested in the many new technologies which could affect the lives of the people in the Demon World. Therefore, he had chosen to use the railroad, instead of heading directly north. 
‘It was well worth it.’ 
As he recalled the railroad, Baikal sat down at his desk and wrote a letter in a graceful and clear handwriting. It was a letter of reply to Anastasia.  
Of course, considering the time it would take for the letter to be sent and Anastasia’s arrival in the north, it would be better to wait a few days and talk in person. However, Anastasia’s letter was fascinating. As he thought about the pleased expression Anastasia would have when she received the letter, he didn’t feel troubled about writing a reply. 
‘I think that many things have improved.’ 
Unlike her usual letters, this one talked frequently about the other children of the demon king. Felicia was Anastasia’s prized sister, so she appeared regularly. However, this time, Shutra’s and Caitlin’s names were mentioned for the first time. 
‘Rather, doesn’t Victor appear less this time?’ 
Before receiving Anastasia’s letter, Baikal had already received a report about what happened in Curtis. Victor and Anastasia had both moved rationally, so there were no complaints about each other’s actions. However, the regrets and upset feelings would still remain. Perhaps it was a reflection of her heart that she wrote so little about Victor in this letter. 
“Shutra...” 
Baikal deliberately said aloud. 
Anastasia wasn’t honest in person, but she was quite frank in her letters. Her tone was more youthful, like a child, and there were occasions where she seemed to be smiling. 
Thanks to that, Baikal was able to know about it. No matter how hard she tried to pretend in the letter, Anastasia seemed to like Shutra quite a lot. 
Baikal put his pen down for a moment as he thought about Shutra. 
‘A soulless child.’ 
Someone had said that once, and it described Shutra accurately. 
However, Shutra had changed. It wasn’t just his personality, but he was also becoming stronger at a fearsome pace. 
‘Disturbance Shutra.’
That was Shutra’s nickname recently. It was because he raised a disturbance everywhere he went. 
Moreover, Shutra boasted a great charm. He had been able to sway Chris and Caitlin to his side, and he even gained Felicia and Silvan in the end. Based on this letter from Anastasia, Shutra was also charming her. 
A powerful competitor had appeared, but Baikal’s thoughts were different. As he said to Anastasia, the children of the demon king weren’t enemies. They were good competitors. Baikal would be satisfied if a better candidate appeared and made the Demon World into a better place. 
'Of course, I have no intention of giving up.’ 
Baikal laughed as he suddenly looked out the window. A blizzard was occurring. 
“Zephyr isn’t here yet.” 
The last time Baikal heard news about him was a fortnight ago. He heard that Zephyr caught the ice dragon, Quanta, but he had no news since. 
Even though Zephyr was the most powerful prince, he was just a blunt and brusque little brother to Baikal. 
"I hope he doesn’t get hurt.” 
Baikal mumbled with concern before picking up his pen again. The he thought about Anastasia’s happy face and smiled. 
&  
Baikal was indeed Zephyr’s older brother. 
While he was looking out the window at the blizzard, his worry was being realized at the Northern Limit Line. 
'Wicked wretch!’ 
A new white dragon burst out angrily. His roar shook the heavens, but those who faced his wrath felt bliss, rather than fear. It was because he was obviously weakened from when he first appeared. 
“Just a little more!” 
“Push!” 
The commanders cried out excitedly, and the soldiers responded with loud shouts, with the 3,000 troops of mixed species shouting at the same time. Their cries pierced through the blizzard and caused an avalanche. 
White Dragon Callosa... 
He was an evil dragon famous for his nightmare-like avalanches. The White Dragon Callosa had lived twice as long as the ice dragon, Quanta, and reigned over the Shubilli Mountains for thousands of years. 
No one had dared to challenge him in the last several hundred years. So, his authority in this area was inviolable, like a god. 
However, yesterday... 
"Bite!" 
Zephyr’s soldiers cried out like they were the gods. Callosa was lying on the ground with chains covering him, while Quanta sat on his chest. She had made herself bigger so that she could crush him. As her sharp claws pierced Callosa’s back, Callosa shouted, 
‘This bitch! You have forgotten the pride of a dragon!’ 
Instead of responding, Quanta aimed a cold breath at Callosa’s neck. The cold air permeating his throat gave Callosa terrible pain. 
Callosa shook violently, but he couldn’t get rid of Quanta. The chains tangled over his body were a problem, but there was an even bigger issue. 
There were powerful curses suppressing Callosa. Horrible monsters hung on his body and interrupted the circulation of his magic power. 
“Ohh! Ohhh!” 
Commander Sektum cheered. The creatures he had created were showing a better performance than expected. 
He had combined the bodies of a drake, ogre, wyvern, and other species to create these masterpieces. It was an ogre with a wyvern’s head, with the strength of a giant and more power than a drake. 
Since Thunderdoom’s crazy dwarves were destroyed, those who hunted dragons had disappeared. In some cases, heroes would appear to face a dragon, but it was literally a confrontation. This hunt was different. 
Sektum was excited. A hunt was unfolding in front of him right now. It was a hunt for the best species, a dragon! 
100 magicians cast spells at once. No matter how strong the Dragon Words were, the magicians raised at the Demon King’s Palace expertly obstructed his magic. 
Some of the magicians who interfered with Callosa’s magic collapsed due to the backlash of magic power. This meant that Callosa was in an urgent situation. 
Callosa and Quanta bit at each other. Zephyr looked on from the back of his nightmare and pulled out his Dragon Slayer sword slowly. 
It was time to settle this. 
“Altesia!” 
Zephyr shouted from aboard a nightmare. His strong cry wasn’t disturbed by the snowstorm and was conveyed to the ears of the waiting Altesia. 
Altesia responded with a cry full of divine power instead of acting as promised. 
“My fiance! I love you more!” 
The bright and cheery voice resonated through the battlefield. Half of the soldiers looked in Altesia’s direction while the other half stared at Zephyr anxiously. 
Sektum looked at Zephyr, but it was as expected. Instead of shouting Altesia’s name again, Zephyr glared horribly. Although it wasn’t aimed toward him, Sektum felt like he couldn’t breathe. 
Instead of following orders regarding the angry dragon, Altesia shrieked, 
“Kyak! Creepy! I am attracted to things like this!” 
As expected from Zephyr’s self-proclaimed fiancee. She wouldn’t be able to declare something like that unless she had nerves of steel. 
Fortunately, Altesia now followed Zephyr’s orders, instead of provoking him more. She stretched out her hand and aimed all types of curses at Callosa. 
Callosa shrieked soundlessly. He had lost his voice due to a curse Altesia had cast on him. 
Altesia’s curses were devious, yet powerful. After his voice, Callosa lost his sight and smell as well. His power weakened, and some of his body parts aged and didn’t function properly. Additionally, his weakened scales were torn off. 
He would have normally used magic or shaken the attacks off, but that wasn’t possible now. Callosa had already become the prey of Quanta. 
However, this was Callosa, a nightmare who had reigned over the Shubilli Mountains for thousands of years. 
Collosa brought the power of his dragon heart to the peak and removed all the hindrances, including the curses. After hitting Quanta with his tail, he was able to get on his feet. Neither could the chains restrain him any longer. 
He exhaled into the snowstorm. It was a cold breath which caused nightmares. 
Frost Breath froze everything in its path. Even the atmosphere seemed to be frozen. 
Dozens of magicians coughed up blood and collapsed. Additionally, the creatures Sektum created couldn’t survive as they were frozen. 
However, Altesia was still smiling, and her gaze was concentrated on only one person. 
The nightmare’s dash exceeded the speed of Frost Breath. The nightmare poured down from above and ran faster, becoming the wind itself. As he moved through the air, Zephyr concentrated all his strength on the sword in his hand. 
The sword Dragon Slayer from the dragon slayer series... The will of the strongest dragon killer was inherent in it! 
A light flashed. There was a thunderous sound, and an avalanche occurred in the Shubilli Mountains. 
White Dragon Callosa collapsed, there was a big hole in his chest. 
Then Altesia raised her fist and cheered. Thousands of soldiers shouted at the same time, worsening the avalanche. 
Quanta transformed into a gandharva to avoid being caught in the avalanche. She watched a fellow member of her species die, but she said nothing. 
Zephyr dismounted from the nightmare. He grabbed Dragon Slayer and approached Callosa’s open chest. 
The heart was what made Callosa exist as a creature, and because he had controlled his aim, it still remained. 
This was the biggest reason why Zephyr was hunting the White Dragon Callosa. 
Zephyr reached out a hand, and he grabbed the heart of White Dragon Callosa. 
&  
"So, this is a fairy?” 
“Yes.”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 196 - Chapter 41: Discovery #2
"So, this is a fairy?” 
“Yes. One of the pieces, to be precise.” 
Habits were strange. The children of the demon king who belonged to Shutra’s faction gathered naturally in In-gong’s living room, and such habits didn’t change even when they arrived at the Dark Elves’ Palace. 
In-gong sat on the middle of a large sofa, while Chris examined Earth Quaker and the green jewel attached to it. 
“You really receive many things.” 
After receiving the Moonlight Core and dragon heart, it was the fairy. In-gong could also now become a gandharva god due to Spiritualism. 
Additionally, there were the four equipments from the elder dragons. Yet Chris didn’t feel envious. Did he truly not feel jealousy? 
'Indeed, I have been in first place for a long time, yet he hasn’t shown any jealousy.’ 
Chris had already cleansed his heart when he pushed In-gong as a candidate for the demon king. Therefore, Chris just laughed and seemed curious about the fairy itself. 
“Isn’t the fairy a magic power generator that is difficult to control?” 
"I don’t know if it is because the fairy is stained with my magic power or because it is stuck in Earth Quaker, but there is no problem with controlling it. The performance isn’t as good since it is just a piece, but it is still a powerful generator of magic power.” 
In-gong smiled and gently stroked the fairy embedded in Earth Quaker. The green light of the fairy shook like it was responding to In-gong’s touch. 
“If it has to be ranked, Earth Quaker is now the SSS rank, instead of SS rank. It has been through this Amita’s hands several times.” 
Amita tapped their chest proudly from their spot on a table, while their tail waved happily. 
Then In-gong sneaked a peek at Daphne before pulling a small bottle from his inventory. 
"Here it is. The Heavenly Wine as promised.” 
“Ohh! My treasure!” 
Amita accepted the small bottle and rubbed it against their cheek. It was a natural response after staying all up night for a couple of days to finish this work. 
Although Amita looked cute holding the small bottle, the way everyone was looking at Amita was strange. In particular, Chris’ expression was subtle. 
"Shutra, did you give this to the queen?” 
Chris was worried about symptoms of addiction. In-gong waved his hands lightly and reassured him. 
"It's okay. Hasn’t Hyung also tried it? Amita is unusual.” 
"Well, I’m glad... although I also feel slight regret.”  
If everyone was as addicted as Amita, then it would be a fearsome weapon. 
‘Indeed, Chris.’ 
In-gong understood Chris’ thoughts and smiled awkwardly. In fact, if he made the Heavenly Wine using the Pheromones ability, then it would truly become addictive like a drug. 
It had been a few days since the fog of magic power had disappeared. The pieces of the fairy had improved things, but the Dark Elves’ Palace and Sky Forest were still suffering from a lack of magic power. The transportation formation linked to the Demon King’s Palace wasn’t working, so they were dependent on support from the nearby dark elf cities. 
The good news was that Sylvia was improving quickly. Thanks to In-gong’s group taking care of any worries, she was able to rest comfortably for a few days. 
After the conversation about the fairy, it naturally shifted toward their future schedule. In the first place, they had only planned to stay in the Dark Elves’ Palace for a short while before heading to the north. 
It was now time to determine their movement path. 
Suddenly, In-gong got up from his seat and turned toward the window. 
“Sword Duke.” 
Everyone was puzzled by the sudden call, but it was only for a moment. The balcony doors opened as if in response to In-gong’s call and the sword duke appeared. 
“How great. Did you get new skills?” 
The sword duke said with a laugh. This was because In-gong noticed the sword duke’s arrival, unlike last time at his mansion. 
"Not enough to brag.” 
In-gong smiled as he replied. The change was the result of various skills being increased and the gaining of four levels after defeating the first fairy king. 
"Well, then..." 
The sword duke moved as he spoke casually. Despite the fact that the sword duke took one step, everyone missed it, except for one person. 
"Noona doesn’t like it.” 
In-gong stood in front of Felicia as the sword duke suddenly appeared in front of In-gong. He really was like a ghost. 
“Hoh.” 
Instead of taking offense at In-gong’s words, the sword duke smiled joyfully. It was a situation where In-gong used Wind Style to catch up with the sword duke. 
Felicia realized the situation belatedly and said, 
“Huhu, our Shutra has become stronger. Don’t you think?” 
"Why is Noonim acting like you are the good one?” 
Chris grumbled, but Felicia just laughed. Caitlin muttered in a grouchy voice, 
"I like it...” 
However, the sword duke stepped back instead of heading toward Caitlin. 
“You are really strong. An impressive growth.” 
“Huhuhut.” 
It was Felicia, not In-gong, who laughed triumphantly again. 
Instead of questioning Felicia again, Chris turned his attention toward the sword duke. It was unusual for the sword duke to appear here, instead of at the Demon King’s Palace. 
However, just as Chris was able to speak... Amita jumped on the table and cried out, 
“Sword Duke, what is going on?” 
"Am...ita? You have become cuter.” 
The sword duke said as he observed Amita who had gotten fatter. Amita blushed like their weakness was being stung and beat the table with their tail. 
“Shut up! What the hell is going on?" 
Amita knew about the sword duke and the Sanctuary to some extent. For the sword duke to appear at a location far away from the Demon King’s Palace... it probably had something to do with the Sanctuary. 
The sword duke frowned and said in a subdued voice, 
“There is a place I need to go with Prince.” 
"Are you taking Shutra again?” 
Felicia interrupted quickly. The sword duke shook his head. 
"I don’t need to do that this time. However, it is obvious that I am going to a dangerous place.” 
The atmosphere in the room became heavy at the sword duke’s words. While their mouths were stunned shut, the sword duke turned toward In-gong. 
“Prince, I found out where the body of Shutenberg is.” 
In-gong nodded. He had already guessed that’s what it would be about when the sword duke appeared out of nowhere. Rather, it was Felicia who responded to the name Shutenberg. 
"Shutenberg? Surely not the Arch Lich, Shutenberg?” 
"That’s right.” 
Felicia covered her face and sighed at the sword duke’s confirmation. Chris was suspicious of her reaction and asked straight away,
“Noonim, can you tell me a bit more?” 
"Shutenberg is a figure from the Era of Struggle. He was the king of a small kingdom, a monster who sacrificed the lives of his people to gain power. Do you know about the Half King?” 
"The Half King!” 
Chris exclaimed with surprise. Among the evils in the Era of Struggle, there was one notorious creature. 
He hadn’t appeared throughout history for 1,000 years and was known to have already died. If the opponent was the Half King Shutenberg, then Chris could understand why the sword duke was going directly. 
"Then was the disappearance last time also related to Shutenberg?” 
"Yes.” 
The sword duke answered Felicia’s question before looking around at everyone in the room. 
“I am going to get rid of him. I’ve already received permission from the demon king for 9th Prince to accompany me. Do the other princes and princesses want to go along?” 
This time he wasn’t going to the Sanctuary, so there was no need to disqualify the other royal children. 
Silvan eagerly expressed his intention to participate, but Chris hesitated. However, after Felicia and Caitlin agreed, Chris also stated his intention to join. He felt like he needed to go along to protect Caitlin, rather than In-gong. 
"Sword Duke, are we the only ones coming along?” 
Half King Shutenberg was known for being a powerful magician. If he was alive, then he would likely have mighty forces. 
Even if the sword duke was with them, she had no choice but to feel uneasy. 
At Felicia’s worried question, the sword duke turned to In-gong and said,
“2nd Prince will join.” 
&  
The Demon World was too wide. There were many uncharted lands within the territory of the Demon King’s Palace. 
If he had to discuss the northern part of the Demon World, it could be defined as a large diamond. 
Aegis Gate and the area around it, located in the north direction of the diamond, was the most dangerous area in the Demon World, and virtually nothing outside of military facilities existed there. 
The further south from Aegis Gate, the lower the risk would be. The Northern Limit Line was the same everywhere in the north, but the enemies who crossed over were different. 
The centaurs and Enger Plains belonged to the southern part of the diamond. In the diamond form, if a line descended straight from the vertex of the northernmost point, then it would touch a place in the lower corner. 
Sky Forest, located to the north of the Demon King’s Palace, was also located in the northern part of the diamond. 
The sword duke said that the location of Shutenberg’s body was located at a point to the southwest of Sky Forest, beyond the limit line. 
The story would change depending on the route, but it was possible to go through Enger Plains. 
After a rough talk, the sword duke went to meet Sylvia, while each of the demon king’s children returned to their own rooms to pack. 
Once he was left alone, In-gong sat on the couch and looked at the mini-map. 
‘I will fight with Zephyr.’ 
Zephyr, the protagonist of the Demon World in Knight Saga and the worst demon who killed all his siblings and the demon king in order to reach the throne of the demon king... 
Not just Caitlin and Felicia, but Anastasia was also quite different from Knight Saga. 
What about Zephyr? Was the Zephyr of this world a cold-blooded murderer like the one in Knight Saga? 
In-gong had only met him a few times. Despite this, they hadn’t even had a proper conversation. 
In-gong closed his eyes slowly and remembered what he had thought when he first opened his eyes in this world. 
His challenge was to avoid the Day of Massacre. 
He would become stronger in order to live. 
However, that idea had changed. He wanted to protect Caitlin and Felicia. But it wasn’t just them. He wanted to protect Chris, Silvan, and everyone else he had become attached to. 
The sword duke had said that...
Shutenberg was the biggest enemy threatening the Sanctuary. If he was removed, then the sword duke didn’t need to worry about the Sanctuary for the moment. 
Meanwhile, the children of the demon king and the captains were also gathering in the north. 
The demon king was starting a campaign beyond the Northern Limit Line. 
Additionally, Cruel Talia’s lair was somewhere in the north. The eastern barbarians said that the War Knight was heading north. So, it was highly likely that the Death Knight was also located in the north. 
Conquest… The purpose of the white woman and the elder dragons was to overthrow the War Knight and Death Knight. 
All these variables were being concentrated in the north. 
Shutenberg, the Sanctuary, the War Knight, and the Death Knight... 
In the past, the Death Knight had aimed at Zephyr. Why had he pursued Zephyr? What method was the Death Knight and War Knight using to bring about the end of the world? 
In-gong remembered the first fairy king, and Torres’ words from the Dragon Temple entered his head. 
Yet that was only a piece of the whole. However, in the near future, all the pieces would fit together. 
“Prince, what are you thinking about so intently?” 
“Carack.” 
In-gong opened his eyes and looked at Carack, who looked at In-gong with worried eyes as he sat beside him. 
"Were you falling asleep?’ 
“Yes.” 
"Your spirit isn’t looking good. Drink some cold water.” 
Carack handed him a bucket he pulled from somewhere. It was filled with cold water. 
"And the reason for this...” 
Carack hesitated again before smiling and knocking against In-gong’s shoulder. 
“Don’t worry. Prince will be able to get the job done as always.” 
There was no basis other than faith for this. In-gong put down the bucket after drinking the water and looked at Carack, causing him to jump up quickly. 
“I don’t know why you are making that disgusting expression, but I came to wake you up, so I am going. 
Then he really tried to leave. In-gong laughed and called out to Carack’s back. 
“Carack! You know that I love you, right?” 
"Prince, I'm sorry, but I like women. I respectfully decline.” 
Carack waved his hand and left hurriedly. Then a new voice entered his ears like it had been waiting. 
‘Master, I like Master. I am also a woman.' 
Green Wind became solid and spoke to In-gong. In-gong stroked Green Wind’s head and gave her a cheery smile. 
Then the next morning... 
With everyone on board, the Black Flame Dragon left Sky Forest and headed north. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 197 - Chapter 41: Discovery #3
It was impossible to have a crowded banquet now that Sky Forest and the palace had suffered due to the fairy king. 
However, it was also impossible to let the party that saved Sky Forest leave without anything. 
So, after Sylvia finished her conversation with the sword duke, she set up a small party. It was to compensate for the situation with Sky Forest and show that Sylvia was fine after collapsing. 
Due to it being a small banquet, the participants were simple: the children of the demon king; their aides; and the queen. 
The dark elves emphasized an atmosphere which was just as free as their clothing, so the formalities of the banquet were virtually nonexistent. Since it was such a small banquet, they were able to lie down while eating and drinking. 
After a few drinks, the atmosphere naturally turned boisterous. The loudest ones were those gathered in the middle of the banquet hall. 
"Higher! Higher! Higher!” 
It wasn’t the sword duke throwing Felicia toward the ceiling. It was a drunk In-gong. 
The person who did it was different, so the response of the recipient was different. Felicia, like In-gong, had red cheeks from the alcohol as she burst into laughter. 
“Kyaaah~” 
She screamed, but it was a very pleased one. Caitlin, who was following Felicia’s movements between the ceiling and Shutra’s hands, tugged at In-gong’s clothes. 
“Me too! Me as well, Shutra!” 
Caitlin was also drunk. Her pale cheeks were red, and her golden eyes were out of focus. 
Under normal circumstances, he would stop throwing Felicia or have Caitlin wait a while, but both In-gong and Caitlin were drunk. In-gong turned to Caitlin and nodded. He stretched out his hand and threw Caitlin toward the ceiling. 
Felicia and Caitlin alternated between the ceiling and In-gong’s hands. It looked like he was juggling them. 
Felicia and Caitlin screamed with pleasure. Most of those watching had smiles on their faces, except for a few people. 
"Somehow, don’t they react differently from when I do it?” 
The sword duke complained while drinking. Chris, who was sitting next to him, shrugged and replied, 
"Sword Duke, it is the same for anyone else, so you don’t have to worry.” 
“Felicia! Let Oppa do it!” 
"Ah, come on!” 
The sword duke watched Silvan try to grab Felicia, and he nodded with a convinced expression.
"Yes, indeed." 
The sword duke nodded a few more times before turning his attention elsewhere. Caitlin’s and Felicia’s aides, who should be watching them, were talking to someone else. It was In-gong’s aide, Carack. 
The sword duke found the sight of an orc being surrounded by a beautiful dark elf, a lycanthrope, and a satyr ridiculous. Then he turned his gaze elsewhere once again. Sylvia, queen of the dark elves and 3rd queen of the Demon King’s Palace, was lying down sideways. 
Sylvia was lying down on a stack of cloth and smoking a cigarette, while Amita was fidgeting in front of her. It seemed like they were doing business. 
Looking at the two people carefully, the sword duke asked Chris again, 
"Prince, do you know why Amita is like that?” 
"They have a weak character that fell to temptation.” 
“Indeed.” 
The sword duke nodded and focused on the conversation between Sylvia and Amita. The two people’s voices could be heard clearly in the noisy surroundings. 
"I understand! I’ll make it! So, will you give me half?” 
Amita waved their hands, while Sylvia cocked her head and pretended not to know. 
"Hrmmm, well. Can I ask you to make me a few sacks?” 
"Three sacks! Three sacks of weapons if you give me half a bottle!” 
"Omo, didn’t I say it was five sacks?” 
Sylvia blinked as she raised a hand to her cheek, looking truly bewitching yet innocent. 
Amita was silent for a moment, but they soon accepted as their tail banged against the ground. 
“Eeeh...! I understand! Five sacks! No more beyond that!” 
“Okay. It's a deal." 
Thanks to Silvan and Felicia, Sylvia was well aware of Amita’s value. Gaining five sacks of Amita’s equipment for half a bottle of wine was a good deal. 
"Hmm, I am curious. What flavour does this have that Amita is so enthusiastic?" 
Sylvia put out the cigarette in her hand and opened the lid of the bottle containing the Heavenly Wine. As the lid opened, a fragrant smell emerged and those nearby turned to Sylvia without knowing. 
Sylvia was shocked and took a sip like she was spellbound. Her world changed with one sip. 
"Ahh… ah...” 
In-gong had created this by mixing an elixir and the Heavenly Wine. Sylvia closed her eyes and moaned, then she sighed and moaned again. She barely regained her mind after a few sips and said, 
"Amita, I take back that contract.” 
"Such a thing! This is a violation of the contract! A violation of the contract!” 
Amita gulped as Sylvia took another sip, but Sylvia didn’t care. She got up from her seat and approached In-gong. 
"Shutra, can you give me just one more bottle?” 
In-gong flinched at her coy voice. She looked exactly like Felicia as she embraced him, so In-gong couldn’t resist. Moreover, it was Sylvia who was asking. She had given him the fairy, so he should give her another bottle. 
“I-I will.” 
“Me too! Me too!” 
Amita ran over and made a fuss after seeing him give a bottle to Sylvia so easily. The sword duke watched this scene and shook his head. 
"The delicious prince is really great.” 
Although the sword duke had never tasted the Heavenly Wind made by In-gong, he knew about it. Then Chris asked him quietly, 
"Sword Duke, are all gandharva like this?” 
"As far as I know, only Prince is like this among the gandharva. The scents of the other gandharva aren’t to this extent.” 
The sword duke recalled 5th Queen Semita Ignus. She always had a good scent around her. 
Chris looked briefly at the sword duke before turning his gaze back to the front again. Then he asked casually, 
“Are the gandharva healthy?” 
In-gong was the only gandharva Chris had met. There were rumours that those inside the confined area had died. 
The sword duke didn’t look at Chris. He just filled up a new glass. 
“They are alive and well. At least when I visited them a year ago.” 
Chris’ eyes narrowed. 
"Sword Duke, is there any possibility that the gandharvas can be released?” 
"It is up to the demon king. Just... it might be harder now.” 
In-gong had gained divinity, proving that the gandharvas’ experiment was a success. 
“Sword Duke?” 
"I am saying too much. We’ll just have to see what happens.” 
The sword duke set down his glass, stood up and took a step forward. He walked slowly, but it was like he was merging with the wind without even thinking about it. 
Chris stared at the spot where the sword duke had been, then he turned his gaze to In-gong. 
&  
“Shutra is amazing! Shutra is delicious! Hehehe.” 
The drunk Caitlin said while hiccuping. She looked very cute, but In-gong’s expression was different as he walked next to Chris who was carrying Caitlin on his back. 
"Be careful not to get eaten in your sleep.” 
“I’m glad that Caitlin noona can’t transform.” 
In-gong nodded at the sincere advice. If Caitlin could turn into a wolf like Seira or Elaine, then he would’ve already been eaten when she bit his finger. 
"Ang, ang.” 
Caitlin smiled as she heard them talking and pretending to bite the air. 
"Well, I really hope you don’t get eaten. 
“Yes.” 
It seemed like the two of them were speaking to reassure themselves. 
Chris arrived in front of Caitlin’s room and opened the door. It couldn’t be helped because Seira had been missing since the banquet. 
At any other time, Chris would’ve scolded Seira, but today was a special day. From the outset, they had been given permission to drink as much as they wanted. 
Instead of entered the room, Chris held the doorknob for a while. He looked at In-gong and said, 
“Shutra.” 
“Huh?” 
In-gong turned to Chris. However, Chris didn’t say anything. Instead, he licked his lips a few times before shaking his head. 
“Nothing. Good night.” 
“Hyung?” 
“Go.” 
Chris smiled and stroked In-gong’s head roughly before entering the room. Although In-gong had grown a lot this year, this was possible because he was still shorter than Chris. 
Was Chris trying to say something? 
Instead of thinking deeply, In-gong returned to his room. If there was something he needed to know, Chris would tell him eventually. 
Apart from Seira, Carack was also missing. He could’ve called a dark elf maid, but In-gong entered his room alone. 
It was a strange feeling. Although he was nervous about joining Zephyr, at present, he was relaxed without any worries. This was why people drank alcohol. 
‘Let’s take a look at my stats.’ 
In-gong opened his status window and looked at the details. All his stats were over 100 points. 
‘There are a lot.’ 
His main occupation was Protagonist, but he also had the Dragon Warrior and Conquest Knight as secondary occupations. Thanks to Spiritualism, other specifics had been added. 
There were many special racial skills. 
'Well, I need to maintain aura, magic power, and divine power.’ 
Thanks to receiving the divinity of the gandharva, his divine power had reached a certain level. There was only one power left. 
 ‘There is nothing else to do.’ 
In-gong leisurely started searching through the status windows of his knights and activated several windows to see their various stats. 
‘I haven’t paid much attention to this.’ 
He often saw Carack and Green Wind’s status windows since they fought together quite often, but he had never really looked at Caitlin’s or Silvan’s after they joined the first time. 
'Well, they all have significant stats.’ 
This was as expected from the children of the demon king. It might be due to In-gong’s influence, but all of them had higher stats compared to their versions in Knight Saga. 
‘It is just like how Zephyr is several times stronger compared to the Zephyr in Knight Saga.’ 
Indeed, In-gong would be able to see how strong he was during the next mission. 
“And... huh?” 
In-gong’s eyes suddenly widened as he searched the status windows. It was because his eyes went to a part he hadn’t paid much attention to until now. 
[Name: Caitlin] 
[Species: Lycanthrope/Sura Mix] 
This was an obvious notation. It wasn’t strange. However, In-gong felt uncomfortable. 
[Name: Silvan] 
[Species: Dark Elf/Sura Mix] 
He looked through his memories. It was only recently that the details such as age or species were listed in the status windows of the knights. He hadn’t seen these details when he went to rescue Anastasia. 
‘No, no.’ 
The cause of his discomfort was elsewhere. It wasn’t because of new details. 
[Name: Felicia] 
[Species: Dark Elf/Sura Mix] 
[Name: Carack] 
[Species: Orc] 
[Name: Karma] 
[Species: Satyr] 
In-gong activated his status window hurriedly. 
[Name: Shutra Ignus] 
[Species: Divine Humanoid Gandharva] 
In-gong blinked. He took a deep breath and thought about it. 
This wasn’t because he was reborn as a divine humanoid. Previously, In-gong had ‘gandharva’ stated in that spot as his species. 
He wondered why he wasn’t a mix like the others. Why wasn’t ‘sura’ written there like the other children of the demon king? Caitlin, who wasn’t a child of the demon king, was also marked as mixed. In other words, a first generation mixed blood was indicated. 
Then something popped into his head. 
In-gong stood up at the thought. It explained why his status window only stated one species. 
‘A sin big enough to confine all the gandharva.’ 
Shutra wasn’t the child of the demon king. He didn’t have the blood of the demon king. 
It was baffling. This was an unexpected secret of his birth. However, if it was true, Shutra truly wasn’t a child of the demon king. 
Did the demon king know this? 
‘He knows.’ 
He remembered when he met the demon king. The demon king had called In-gong the child of 5th Queen Semita. He had never once called In-gong his own child. 
Moreover, if the sin of the gandharva really involved Shutra’s birth, then their punishment meant the demon king knew the truth. 
However, he didn’t know why the demon king accepted Shutra’s presence. Moreover, why had he given In-gong the Seed of Extreme Nothingness? 
“Shutra? Are you there?” 
He heard a voice outside the door. 
It was Felicia’s voice. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 198 - Chapter 41: Discovery #4
In-gong flinched. Why did he have to hear Felicia’s voice at this moment? 
“Shutra?” 
Her voice was heard again outside the door. He thought about pretending not to be there but stood up anyway because he heard Felicia rustling to open the door. 
“Noona? What's going on?" 
In-gong approached the door hurriedly. As expected, Felicia was outside the door. 
Felicia’s soft chocolate skin was tinged with red, and she was just wearing a large shawl over a nightgown. 
She was confused about the door bursting open, but that only lasted a moment. Felicia leaned against the door slightly and asked with narrowed eyes, 
"Shutra, what is the matter with you? You seem a little different from normal.” 
As expected, Felicia noticed quickly. In-gong tried to conceal his expression and waved both hands. 
"Nothing’s wrong.” 
"Hrmm." 
Felicia’s eyes were still narrowed, but she nodded. Fortunately, she passed it off as just a little bit of discomfort. 
Felicia looked over In-gong’s room. 
"I haven’t seen Delia since before. Is Carack also missing?” 
“Huh? Delia as well?” 
"Yep, Delia as well.” 
Felicia replied in a soft voice. She seemed to be envisioning a tryst between Carack and Delia. 
‘Wait a minute, wasn’t Carack missing with Seira?’ 
If Delia was missing, then where was Seira? 
'No way, are they fighting?’ 
In-gong had the absurd thought of Delia and Seira growling over Carack. 
'Then shouldn’t I look for Karma as well?’ 
Daphne was with Amita right? 
“Hrmm... Carack.” 
Felicia, who didn’t know about the disappearance of Seira, laughed at her imagination. She acted just like a girl in her late teens. 
‘Cute.’ 
In-gong blinked at the sight. Thanks to Felicia’s entry, he had forgotten to worry about Shutra’s birth secret. 
Shutra wasn’t the child of the demon king. 
Although the demon king had admitted Shutra was his child, Shutra didn’t have a single drop of his blood. 
This meant that In-gong didn’t share a drop of blood with Felicia. 
'No, I was thinking about that anyway...’ 
She shared blood with Shutra but not In-gong himself. The Felicia of Knight Saga was a stranger to him. 
However, it felt different. Whether it was because In-gong was already Shutra or because of an unconscious thought, but at that moment, something changed. He had no choice but to think so. 
“Shutra?” 
Felicia’s call restored In-gong’s senses. Felicia stared at In-gong, who was slightly shorter than she, and stepped closer. 
“Aren’t you a little strange today?” 
"Yes, I am drunk. Isn’t Noona really drunk?” 
In-gong stepped back reflexively, and Felicia laughed. 
"Yet you seem fine?” 
She took a step forward just as In-gong took a step back, maintaining the same distance. 
"Hrmm?” 
Felicia’s eyes once again narrowed as she closed the distance. In-gong took a few steps back before eventually giving up and allowing Felicia to approach. 
“Good night, Felicia noona.” 
He patted Felicia’s head awkwardly, causing her eyes to widen. Then she smiled. 
"Yes, good night, Shutra. Sleep well.” 
Felicia was definitely drunk. He could smell the alcohol on her breath as she turned around. 
As he watched Felicia leave his room, In-gong sighed before catching up to her. He went ahead and opened the door, causing Felicia to ask, 
“What is it?” 
"I’ll walk with you. There is a long way for you to go.” 
Felicia's room was on an entirely different floor. 
Felicia blinked at In-gong’s words before bursting out laughing. She grabbed In-gong’s arms and squeezed it gently. 
“Then please take care of me, Sir Knight.” 
There was a pleasant feeling of pressure, and she felt surprisingly soft and warm.  
In-gong coughed and started taking slow steps. For some reason, Felicia chose to walk quietly instead of talking, so In-gong could think seriously. 
‘I wonder why the demon king recognized Shutra as his child. Isn’t he simple a child born out of an affair? And... does he know about Caitlin?’ 
In Knight Saga, the demon king had been gravely ill when the lycanthrope subjugation took place and couldn’t participate in any political matters. Therefore, the slaughter of the lycanthropes could be called the decision of the nobles and the children of the demon king, rather than the demon king’s decision. 
‘Should I just ask the sword duke?’ 
In fact, it was highly probable that the sword duke knew the secret of his birth. The sword duke’s blunt nature wasn’t a bad thing. 
'Right now, there are no big changes.’ 
The demon king already knew. Despite that, he had acknowledged In-gong as his child and planted the Seed of Extreme Nothingness. 
‘The demon king is the one who protects the Demon World, and the strongest person will become the demon king.’ 
That had been said by the demon king, not someone else. 
The demon king didn’t oppose In-gong becoming the demon king. This was a story from Knight Saga, but the demon king recognized Zephyr even as Zephyr killed him. 
‘The problem isn’t the demon king.' 
It was similar to Caitlin’s situation. If the scandal of In-gong’s birth broke out after the demon king had succumbed to his illness, then an incident similar to the Day of Massacre might occur. 
‘Slaughtering the gandharva is no different from slaughtering the lycanthropes.' 
Moreover, if such a situation really occurred, what would the children of the demon king do? Would they all become In-gong’s enemies, just like the lycanthrope subjugation in Knight Saga? 
‘That won’t be.’ 
In-gong couldn’t believe it. He didn’t think that even the likely Chris would turn into an enemy. 
Additionally, Felicia, Silvan and Caitlin already belonged to the King’s Knights. 
Sylvia wouldn’t be able to throw away Silvan and Felicia, not to mention Elaine. 
‘But a civil war won’t be good. I need to secure the support of the sword duke.’ 
Even after the demon king had fallen, In-gong could overturn the situation if he had the support of the sword duke. In-gong needed to look for an opportunity to have a conversation with him. 
“What are you thinking about so intently?” 
Felicia asked suddenly. Her red eyes were more cloudy than usual due to the alcohol, but they were full of care. 
‘Never an enemy.’ 
She wouldn’t become his enemy. He couldn’t imagine such a future. 
"I think that Noona is very pretty.” 
"Are you trying to be like Silvan?” 
Felicia laughed as though she liked the praise. Normally, she would’ve spread open her fan, but Felicia seemed to have become more honest due to the alcohol. 
'By the way...’ 
While he was joking around, they arrived at the corridor where Felicia’s room was located. A dark elf maid was coming toward them. 
"Well, we’re here. Good night, Shutra.” 
“Yes, good night.” 
In-gong nodded and stroked Felicia’s head once before leaving. However, she felt sorry to leave like this and looked at him several times while walking to her room with the maid. 
In the end, In-gong waved and sighed as Felicia entered her room. 
"I am a complete stranger.” 
Although the blood connection had been severed, he felt oddly happy when he pushed away the complicated problems. As In-gong turned around, Green Wind’s voice was heard as if she had been waiting. 
‘Master.’ 
“What is it?” 
"I am also a stranger to Master.” 
Green Wind became solid and hugged In-gong’s neck. As always, it was a pleasant touch, but In-gong pushed Green Wind away playfully. 
"Yes, you are a stranger. So, I should put a distance between us. Don’t stick to me.” 
Green Wind blinked with confusion at his cold words. She sweated for a little bit before hugging In-gong again. 
"When I think about it again, that isn’t the case. That’s right. Absolutely not.” 
“Didn’t you say that I am just your temporary master?” 
It was something he had heard the first time he met Green Wind, and she just hugged In-gong tighter. Then she said, 
“You are permanent. Permanent. You aren’t temporary at all.” 
In-gong didn’t reply and continued patting Green Wind on the head. 
&  
The morning sun shone. In-gong opened his eyes and asked in a sullen voice, 
“Where were you last night?” 
"For men, sometimes, there are secrets that need to be kept even with a knife to his neck.” 
Carack declared with a man’s smile. It was foolish since In-gong had already suspected it. 
"Stop looking so silly.” 
Despite the harsh words, Carack didn’t stop smiling. He laughed as he looked down at In-gong and asked,
“Prince, did you sleep well last night?” 
"I slept well. It was a very good sleep.” 
"I'm glad you slept well. Now, here is the cold water.” 
Carack handed him cold water. In-gong sipped the cup and glanced at Carack, wondering what he had done last night. 
"Carack, did you sleep even a little bit?” 
"Prince, a man should have great stamina.” 
He once again gave a man’s smile. In-gong was afraid to ask who he was with last night. 
"Anyway, let’s eat.” 
The children of the demon king gathered together at lunch time. In-gong had a monster-like stamina, so he acted like nothing had happened. However, everyone else was different. They were all suffering from extreme hangovers. 
After finishing a brief lunch, the party headed toward the landing area where the Black Flame Dragon was. 
At the landing area, 20 dark elves and Alita, Felicia’s aunt and the leader, were waiting. 
'Master, the orc’s eyes are shining.’ 
In-gong didn’t want to know who Carack was looking at. Therefore, In-gong stared up at the sky. 
Then after a few minutes, Sylvia, queen of the dark elves, and the sword duke entered the landing area. 
"Shutra, please stay safe.” 
Sylvia said sweetly as she embraced In-gong. She was also hugging Felicia and Silvan, so he replied instead of pushing her away in embarrassment. 
“Yes, Omamama.” 
Sylvia laughed like she preferred the title of Omamama over Queen. Then she approached Chris who was standing stiffly. 
"Chris, please look after yourself as well.” 
“Yes, Your Majesty.” 
Chris responded stiffly, but Sylvia hugged him as well. It was a funny sight to see the huge Chris stand still and not face Sylvia. 
'He is nervous.’ 
Rather than dislike, the look on his face was closer to embarrassment. Chris seemed a bit shy. 
In-gong then turned toward Caitlin, who was waiting for her turn. She smiled warmly when Sylvia hugged her. 
"Then, we will be going.” 
Finally, Silvan boarded the Black Flame Dragon and gave Sylvia a salute, with Sylvia returning the same salute. 
The Black Flame Dragon rode the wind. 
&  
The Black Flame Dragon flew quickly at a high altitude. Beatrice looked at Locke from a corner of Sky Forest as he looked up at the flying ship. 
"What do you want to do? Follow?” 
“I guess we have to follow.” 
The direction was somewhat different, but it was clear that they were heading north. Even if they didn’t join up with the Demon World’s Drakon Kechatulla, it was necessary to overlap the paths. 
"Then let’s hurry. It will be sad if we miss them.” 
Carlov said as he got on a draco. The Black Flame Dragon was really fast, so they could easily miss it with the draco’s speed. 
Beatrice got on her draco after Carlov. Lastly, Locke boarded his draco and looked toward the south. 
‘I will be back.’ 
Locke greeted Guardian Queian in his heart before turning around. He rushed forward along with Carlov and Beatrice. 
&  
Zephyr, who was in the barracks, folded a letter containing the signature of the sword duke. Sektum didn’t ask about the contents of the letter, and the normally talkative Altesia was also calmer than usual. She just quietly asked which direction they were heading in. 
"To the west.” 
Zephyr answered briefly before preparing his soldiers to move. Based on the sword duke’s letter, a large army would be needed. 
‘Arch Lich Shutenberg.’ 
Zephyr grabbed the magic stone refined from the heart of White Dragon Callosa and looked toward the north instead of the west. His gaze was directed toward the Northern Limit Line far beyond the Aegis Gate where Baikal was. 
&  
Three different groups headed to the same place. 
The War Knight and Death Knight finally felt like the time was coming. 
While the Death Knight stayed on his throne... 
The War Knight hastened to get there before the three groups. 
The Half King, Shutenberg... 
The flow of fate, which had split into several streams, started to gather together. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 199 - Chapter 42: Awareness
10,000 years ago, the red dragon destroyed all the civilizations in the Demon World. 
Numerous species lost their civilizations. There had been a loss of history and traditions, as well as culture and technology. Some species even lost their language. 
Among the various species, there had been one with a particularly brilliant and great civilization. Those who ruled the Demon World drove the rebellion against the red dragon and, as a result, lost everything. 
Unlike other species which had lost civilizations but still had survivors, this species had not even a single survivor. 
Their names had been erased along with their civilization and their history forgotten. 
However, they had also left something behind. The ruins of where the indigenous species used to live, as well as their relics, were scattered all over the Demon World. 
Then someone thought... 
It was strange. 
Why had the indigenous species been wiped out? Unlike the other species, why were there no survivors? 
No, from the outset—were they really wiped out? 
&  
As the Black Flame Dragon rode the wind, Silvan left the control room and headed to the bridge. All the key personnel, except for Silvan, were already gathered there. 
Felicia, who had been waiting for Silvan to arrive, looked around and asked, 
“Sword Duke, where will we join up with Zephyr orabeoni?” 
Zephyr was currently near the Aegis Gate. Due to the fact that he was already in the north, the meetup point would differ depending on the party’s destination. 
Felicia’s question included the location of Arch Lich Shutenberg. The sword duke stroked his beard and replied,
"Well, we have taken off, so I can talk about it now. You won’t be joining 2nd Prince.” 
“Sword Duke?” 
Felicia narrowed her eyes. The others were reacted in a similar way, so the sword duke added an explanation immediately. 
"To be more precise, I alone will join the 2nd Prince.” 
“Sword... Duke?” 
The doubts of those in the bridge deepened. 
Everyone, including Felicia, looked confused, while the sword duke just stroked his beard and laughed. 
“Don’t look at me with that expression. I am going to explain it, so relax.” 
The sword duke placed several models on the map of the Demon World spread out in the bridge. Each of them were in a position which seemed to represent In-gong’s group, Zephyr’s group, and Shutenberg. 
"It is very important for the Demon King’s Palace and the whole Demon World that Arch Lich Shutenberg is defeated. In fact, I asked if you wanted to participate, but I was actually going to compel you using the demon king’s name. I’m glad that it worked out well.” 
Everyone’s eyes widened at the declaration that the sword duke was going to forcibly drag them along from the very beginning. 
However, all those gathered here were children of the demon king. They had already fought with enemies of the Demon World in the form of missions, so this wasn’t a new thing for them. 
The sword duke laughed at the subtle looks of the princes and princesses and continued talking.
"1st Prince and 4th Princess will also participate in this work. Actually, all the princes and princesses are fighting, except for 3rd Prince who is still in Curtis.” 
The sword duke placed two additional models on the map of the Demon World. The model representing Baikal was placed at the Aegis Gate, while the model of Anastasia was placed in a very familiar place to In-gong. 
‘Master, Enger Plains!’ 
Green Wind shouted. It was a cry only for In-gong’s ears, but the sword duke smiled like he had heard it. 
"You will join 4th Princess at Enger Plains. I will go alone to the north and join 2nd Prince.” 
The sword duke moved his hands, and the models were split into two groups. Chris looked at it and asked,
“Sword Duke, are you thinking about creating a pincer attack?” 
"Yes.” 
The group centered on In-gong would head to the north, while Zephyr’s group would march to the west. 
"Arch Lich Shutenberg isn’t a fool. He will notice if we move. So, we have to scatter his gaze.” 
That made sense, but Chris spoke with a bit of displeasure,
"Then Sword Duke and Hyung-nim will be doing everything?” 
Their group had the advantage in numbers, but Zephyr dominated them in power. Among the children of the demon king, Baikal and Zephyr would move together with the sword duke. 
If so, In-gong’s group was just bait, so it was natural to feel bad. 
The sword duke shook his head. 
"That isn’t it. This side also needs to succeed. If either side knocks down Shutenberg, then that is enough. It isn’t just 4th Princess at Enger Plains. My sura warriors will be arriving right now. Make them your guides.” 
Chris frowned at the sword duke’s further explanation but nodded. Despite the sword duke joining Zephyr, having more troops sounded good. 
However, In-gong had other thoughts. No matter how many troops they had, it was impossible to make up for the sword duke’s absolute power. When the sword duke said that either side could succeed, In-gong felt like there was something which was still being concealed. 
"Sword Duke, why aren’t the captains coming out?” 
The captains were the best military power of the Demon King’s Palace. No matter how important defending the north was, this was a mission where the sword duke was moving personally. If the captains didn’t move in this situation, then what was the point of their positions? 
The sword duke looked at Felicia’s disgruntled face, which looked just like Chris’, and replied,
"Princess, aren’t I enough?” 
“No, it isn’t like that...” 
Although the sword duke was laughing loudly, it was a serious incident. Felicia started fidgeting, and the sword duke laughed again. 
“Princess is really funny.” 
Felicia’s face wrinkled again at his words, but the sword duke disregarded it. He stroked his beard and explained, 
“The captains need to defend Aegis Gate. The Winter King seems to have started moving.” 
“The Winter King!” 
Felicia exclaimed with surprise. The Winter King wasn’t just the king of the northern barbarians, but also the king of all things beyond the Aegis Gate. 
He had only appeared as a background story in Knight Saga, but he had power comparable to the demon king. 
"Originally, the princes and princesses would’ve gathered at the Aegis Gate to confront the Winter King. But Shutenberg’s invasion is closer.” 
If the opponent was the Winter King, then it was understandable to put the captains on standby. 
It was already 200 years ago, but when the demon king and the Winter King first clashed, two captains had been lost. It was the first and last time that a captain had been killed in the history of the Demon King’s Palace. 
"Both of them... It is clear that something unusual is happening.” 
The Winter King was the Winter King, but Shutenberg wasn’t ordinary either. Apart from the sword duke, the children of the demon king and the sura warriors were also being mobilized. Therefore, Shutenberg might be much stronger than Chris thought. 
The sword duke nodded at Chris’ words. 
"Yes, tremendous things are happening in the destiny of the Demon World. Then please do this.” 
&  
After the meeting in the bridge ended, the demon king’s children scattered to rest. The story was heavier than they thought, so the mental fatigue was significant. 
Rather than following the others, In-gong went up to the deck where the sword duke was enjoying the wind. It was stuffy inside the narrow cabin, but he had a more important reason. 
“Sword Duke.” 
“Prince.” 
The sword duke turned like he had been waiting for In-gong’s call. It was as if he had been waiting in a place where no one was present, knowing that In-gong would come. 
In-gong took a deep breath as he stood next to the sword duke and said, 
"I’d like to ask you one thing.” 
“I can guess what it is, but go ahead. Ask.”
The sword duke was smiling, but his eyes were blank. After seeing them, In-gong was convinced of it. 
It was clear that the sword duke already knew. 
'Sword Duke, am I a pure-blooded gandharva?’ 
‘Correct. Prince is a pure-blooded gandharva. You don’t have a single drop of blood from the demon king.’ 
In-gong asked using message magic, and the sword duke used Trill to reply. The sword duke answered so naturally that In-gong felt awkward. 
‘The 5th Queen... No, my mother...’ 
'It wasn’t an affair.’ 
The sword duke interrupted In-gong. He laughed and gazed far away. 
‘The 5th Queen wasn’t like that. She truly loved the demon king.’ 
‘But...’ 
'Prince, I will tell you the most important thing. The demon king recognized you as a prince. No matter what anyone says, you are one of the two people closest to the throne of the demon king.’ 
This was an expected story. The demon king already knew everything, and yet, he had delivered the Seed of Extreme Nothingness to In-gong. 
The sword duke sighed and took out a blue ball the size of his thumb. 
'Watch this.' 
In-gong felt a tremendous magic power in his hand. It was a magic power which he had encountered for the first time in his life, but In-gong knew its identity immediately. It was the magic power of 5th Queen Semita Ignus. 
'This bead contains the truth about the secret of Prince’s birth. You can only watch it once, so when you are ready, watch it with those you want to share the secret with.' 
After those words, the sword duke left the deck. Once left alone, In-gong grasped the bead and prepared his heart. There was no reason to delay any further. 
“Green Wind, ask Carack, and my brothers and sisters to come to my room. Tell them not to come with their aides.” 
‘I understand, Master.’ 
Green Wind left In-gong’s side. In-gong fell deep into thought as he headed for the bridge. 
He had already shared the most important secret about the Conquest Knight with Felicia. So, there was no reason to hide this from her. 
Caitlin shared the Moonlight and Starlight Core with In-gong and was a member of the King’s Knights. So, she was trustworthy. 
Silvan was the same. He was also a member of the King’s Knights. 
Chris didn’t belong to the King’s Knights, and he was the most political person among the children of the demon king. 
However, he was a strong supporter of In-gong. He was a political person, so it was better to confide the story now instead of having it come out later. 
This was a situation where the sword duke and demon king already knew In-gong’s status. Moreover, Chris knew about Caitlin’s birth secret. It was beneficial for the lycanthropes to side with In-gong. 
In-gong sat in the room as the children of the demon king started to gather. When Felicia and Caitlin arrived, it was still okay. However, after Silvan and Chris appeared, the cabin instantly became cramped. 
In-gong sat in the middle of his small single bed, with Felicia and Caitlin on his right and left. Silvan and Chris sat on chairs in front of the bed. 
“Shutra, what did you call us to talk about?” 
Once seated, Caitlin asked as if she was representing everyone else. In-gong smiled at her and sighed. He raised the blue bead the sword duke had given him. 
“Everyone, I wanted you to watch this with me.” 
Everyone's eyes became focused, and In-gong injected magic power into the bead. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 200 - Chapter 42: Awareness #2
5th Queen Semita Ignus’ magic power wrapped around In-gong’s magic power, which was flowing into the bead. The two magic powers naturally intertwined and became one. 
As the blue bead gave off a soft light, a familiar yet strong magic power emerged from inside it. This magic power was the demon king’s magic power. 
“Aba...mama?” 
Felicia cried out with surprise at the demon king’s magic power, while everyone else simply gulped. 
With a nervous expression, In-gong stopped supplying power for a moment in order to breathe. That was when the images and voices coming from the bead paused like there a seal had been placed on it. 
Naturally, everyone’s gazes turned from the bead to In-gong. With his eyes, In-gong asked Chris to wait for a moment, and then he took deep breaths. At that moment, the person he had been waiting for opened the door and entered. 
“Prince.” 
"Carack, I was waiting.” 
"I'm sorry. I am a little late.” 
Carack scratched his head and smiled before closing the door. The cabin was already full, so he was forced to stand. 
“Shutra?” 
It was In-gong who had forbidden the aides from attending this meeting. However, In-gong’s aide, Carack, had entered. 
Chris sent In-gong a questioning gaze, but In-gong just smiled. 
In-gong was going to reveal an important secret in this place. The sword duke had said the bead would only play the video one time, so it was natural to bring Carack. 
‘It is Carack.’ 
He didn’t need any more reasons or rationale. 
As Felicia glanced at Carack, she was convinced. After all, she was the one who knew best that Carack was always with In-gong. 
Chris let out a discontented breath but gave up as he leaned back. It was a signal to finish this quickly. 
However, before injecting magic power into the bead, In-gong turned to face everyone. The reason he paused hadn’t just been to wait for Carack. 
“First of all, I have something to say.” 
"Say?” 
"It is about my birth.” 
Chris flinched reflexively at the word ‘birth’. Felicia and Silvan had no idea what to say, while Caitlin was just curious, since she knew nothing about her birth. 
In-gong breathed out to speak again. He was already Shutra, so when he tried to tell the story, his lips didn’t work well because of nerves. 
The sword was already half-drawn, so In-gong squeezed his heart firmly. He then opened his mouth, and a surprisingly low and detached voice emerged. 
"I talked to the sword duke. The sword duke said that no matter what happens, I’m still the son of the demon king... and one of the two candidates closest to the throne.” 
He stated the two most important things first. It was not just Chris. The other children of the demon king also reacted after hearing that In-gong was one of the two closest candidates to the throne of the demon king. However, it was generally a good response. 
"Shutra, what are you talking about?” 
Felicia asked cautiously. It was nice to have a declaration from the sword duke about In-gong’s position, but his previous words were also in her mind. 
‘No matter what happens, he’s still the son of the demon king’ sounded sinister. 
No, it was more than that. Felicia’s expression and voice were quite rigid. She didn’t forget the first thing In-gong said. There was clearly something regarding In-gong’s birth. 
Chris’ face was stiff as well. Chris was very political, but he was still only in his late teens. With the thought that In-gong might know Caitlin’s secret, Chris’ face was filled with tension and confusion. 
"The sword duke... he said that the demon king knew all of it. And this bead contains all the answers.” 
In-gong started injecting his magic power into the bead again. A warm light was once again emitted from the blue bead. 
“This is a video that can only be seen once. So, I called all of you here.” 
In-gong had already decided to reveal his secrets to Felicia, Silvan, Caitlin, and Chris. So, instead of talking about it, they would see the video together. 
As In-gong kept injecting magic power, the bead started to float. The bead stopped at In-gong’s chest height and started to show a holographic video. As expected, it showed the demon king. 
“Abamama.” 
Felicia said with a low moan. The image of the demon king, which was the same size as the real demon king, faced In-gong and opened his mouth. 
“Shutra, Semita’s child. If you are watching this video, then you have somehow realized the truth about your birth.” 
It wasn’t a real-time conversation; this was a recorded video. 
"It is as you already know. You are not a child born from me and Semita.” 
Dismayed silence filled the cabin at the demon king’s blunt words. 
In particular, Chris showed a huge reaction. He barely prevented a sound from emerging, but his eyes were huge. 
“Shutra, listen to my words carefully. This is all true with nothing omitted.” 
The demon king began telling the story. 
It was a story which couldn’t be imagined, even by In-gong. 
"The gandharva felt a sense of crisis. They seemed to have felt desperate after being defeated by the draconians. Maybe the gandharva hoped to get revenge on the draconians.” 
Zentra Ignus, 5th Queen Semita Ignus’ uncle and king of the gandharvas, had wanted the next demon king to be a gandharva. 
However, Semita hadn’t been able to have the demon king’s child. To make matters worse, the draconian 1st Prince, Baikal, and 2nd Prince, Zephyr, had been born with exceptional talent. 
"The nervous Zentra had a dangerous idea. So, he whispered sweet lies to his niece and my wife, Semita.” 
Zentra had then placed the essence of the gandharva god, Dhrtarastra, which the gandharva had been protecting, into Semita’s womb. He wanted to created a divine gandharva child through powerful magic rituals. 
At the time, Semita had thought the child would be born with the demon king’s blood. Perhaps, Semita had thought this because she either believed in Zentra too much or because she so desperately wanted to believe it. Maybe it was both. 
“Thus, you were born Shutra.” 
Zentra's plan had failed. 
Shutra had been born without a soul and couldn’t communicate properly, while Semita noticed that the child was unrelated to the demon king. 
She could have deceived the demon king, but she hadn’t been able to do it. Then the demon king recognized that Shutra wasn’t his child. 
The demon king had gone on to punish the gandharvas. Rather than slaughtering them, the entire species would be imprisoned for 200 years. 
Semita had blamed herself. She had asked to be stripped of her position as queen and punished. 
However, the demon king hadn’t allowed it. Semita retained her position, and the demon king recognized Shutra as his child. 
"Shutra, no matter what anyone says, you are the 9th Prince of the Demon King’s Palace. This fact will never change.” 
The demon king ended with these emphatic words. 
Then all the pieces fell into place. The demon king loved the 5th Queen as well. In-gong could only think of it like that. 
As In-gong manipulated the bead, he found out that the video of the demon king was added recently. Therefore, he could understand the feelings of the demon king more deeply. It had been more than 10 years since 5th Queen Semita died, but the demon king still retained his feelings for the 5th Queen. 
The image of the demon king vanished, and a new video emerged of 5th Queen Semita Ignus. 
The pale faced Semita repeated the story the demon king had just told. As she spoke, there were a few moments in which she seemed to be on the verge of tears. 
Perhaps the demon king had added his video because he had been expecting this. Semita looked bad in the video, like she had an immense guilt pressing down upon her. 
As she whispered, Semita finally started crying. Her words were filled with a sense of guilt and love for Shutra, who had been born without a soul. 
Tears filled In-gong’s eyes. They were tears shed by the body of Shutra who had been born without a soul—no, they were In-gong’s tears, rather than Shutra’s. In-gong and Shutra had already become one a long time ago. 
Then the blue bead lost its light. The video ended, and the bead turned into powder after fulfilling its task. 
The atmosphere was heavy inside the cabin. Everybody looked at each other, but none of them could open their mouths. 
In-gong wasn’t the child of the demon king. However, the demon king recognized In-gong as his child. 
Chris was convinced by this and felt like he had finally realized the secret to In-gong’s rapid growth. 
It was due to the essence of the gandharva god, Dhrtarastra. 
At the same time, Chris also felt some fear. If the demon king recognized In-gong as his child, then what about Caitlin? Had the demon king also noticed the truth about Caitlin? 
If so, why did the demon king remain silent? Did he not know about Caitlin yet? 
Chris took deep breaths to calm himself down. The important thing right now wasn’t Caitlin but In-gong. 
Caitlin was the one who moved first. She wiped away In-gong’s tears without speaking. Then Felicia covered In-gong’s hands with her own and said, 
“Shutra.” 
In-gong turned at the call. Felicia smiled brightly and winked as she spoke in a bright voice,
"It's okay. It is as Abamama said. There is no change. You are still my brother, and I am still your sister.” 
“Felicia noona.” 
Felicia grabbed In-gong’s hand gently. Her hands were very warm. 
Silvan laughed too. 
"Both Abamama and the sword duke acknowledges that there is no problem. Shutra, I am also like Felicia. I am still your older brother and you are still my younger brother.” 
The reaction of the dark elves was as expected. However, even though it was expected, In-gong still felt touched, and his heart warmed at their words. 
That was when a heated gaze headed his way. 
"Okay, that is your decision. Rather, it is a good thing.” 
Chris said abruptly as he shook off his concerns about Caitlin. 
“Chris?” 
Felicia looked at Chris with a puzzled expression. Why did it seem as though he really liked this situation? 
“It is good. Now, there is nothing in the way.” 
Chris laughed and placed a hand on In-gong’s shoulder. 
“It does make a difference Shutra. The future bride candidate... no, is Caitlin a future queen candidate?” 
“Eh?” 
In-gong blinked. It was the same with the rest of the group. 
They had never imagined that the words ‘queen candidate’ would appear in this situation. Moreover, the other person was none other than Caitlin. 
As Caitlin panicked, Chris continued to speak, 
"There is no blood shared between both of you, so it doesn’t matter. In any case, the demon king is the law in the Demon World. If you marry Caitlin after becoming the demon king, then the lycanthropes will be relieved.” 
In the midst of his panic, In-gong was convinced of something, but it wasn’t because of Chris’ logic. A thought flashed through his mind. 
4th Queen Elaine Moonlight often said that the demon king was the law. 
She had also asked In-gong who he thought was better between Caitlin and Felicia. 
Additionally, Chris’ response didn’t seem to be one that he had just thought up. It was clear that he already had the idea of marrying Caitlin to In-gong.
This was because the blood of the demon king didn’t flow in Caitlin. 
‘No, that still matters. What is this really? Is is possible?’ 
Were they intending to reveal Caitlin’s birth secret? Or would In-gong and Caitlin just get married? Did they want to destroy any dispute about Caitlin’s birth using the power of the demon king? 
Even if he had the power of the demon king, it was still far-fetched. 
However, Chris and Elaine were the ones who planned this. The two people wouldn’t have thought about it if it wasn’t possible. 
As In-gong continued to drown in his chaotic thoughts, Chris laughed even louder. Then while everyone was still in a state of confusion, he turned to Caitlin and asked, 
“Caitlin, what do you think? If it is Shutra, is it good? No good?” 
“Eh? Uh... t-that...” 
Caitlin shrugged from where she was sitting next to In-gong and wiping his tears. Her pale face turned red so quickly it seemed like she would burst. 
Until In-gong and Shutra had become one, she had no encounters with Shutra. They didn’t grow up together, so there wasn’t the so-called Westermarck effect. 
“No good? This is Shutra who you always call amazing.” 
“O-Oppa!” 
Caitlin shouted loudly. Chris patted Caitlin on the head. 
"So, tell me honestly. How is it? Not bad?” 
Caitlin gulped several times and then glanced at In-gong who was feeling tense and nervous. 
Caitlin’s already red face turned redder as she poked her fingers together and said in a low voice, 
“Y-Yes... g-good...” 
Then she covered her face with both hands like she was hiding her embarrassment. 
‘W-What? This fierce cuteness.’ 
In-gong could barely breathe. It felt like his heart would burst at any moment. Chris’ smile widened. I
t was at that moment that... 
"W-Wait a minute! Wait a minute! Chris?” 
Felicia cried out angrily. Chris just chuckled at her and replied easily, 
"Felicia noonim already declared that you are Shutra’s sister. So, back off.” 
She had said that. Just a few minutes ago, it had been a very warm discussion. 
As Chris taunted Felicia, her expression changed wildly. Her eyes shook like an earthquake was occurring. 
However, it was only for a second. Felicia stared at In-gong and Caitlin, and barely managed to speak. 
"Ah, no? I-I also like Shutra? I-I-I see him as a man?” 
Her face was red, and her eyes were a little teary. It was obvious that she felt tremendous embarrassment saying this. 
All eyes, including In-gong’s, turned to Felicia. Even Caitlin, who was struggling with her embarrassment, stared at Felicia with surprised eyes. 
“Ah...uh...I-I mean! I see you as a man!” 
Felicia screamed and turned her head away, but she didn’t open her fan as usual. Rather, her hand holding In-gong’s squeezed tighter. It was like she was determined not to back down. 
“Kuk!” 
In-gong groaned without realising it. This situation was an assault on his heart. He felt like he was going to explode from Caitlin’s and Felicia’s cuteness.
“Felicia! I love you too!” 
Silvan exclaimed suddenly with both arms wide open. Some of his brotherly love ran wild, but it seemed to be an attempt to relieve her embarrassment. 
"Ah, come on!” 
However, it only worsened Felicia’s embarrassment. The atmosphere in the cabin was chaotic. 
While the demon king’s children were in a panic, Carack alone shook his head. The significance of the meeting was lost, but it didn’t bother him much. It felt good. 
"This is youth.” 
Carack relaxed against the door with folded arms and smiled warmly. 
&  
“What is with this subtly sweet, happy, and dangerous atmosphere?”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 201 - Chapter 42: Awareness #3
It was Chris who broke the deadlock even though he was sitting still. He watched the tension with a delighted expression before laughing and pulling Caitlin up. 
"I’d like to finish it today, but I’ll let it go for now.” 
Chris’ words caused everyone to stir uneasily. The one with the greatest reaction was Felicia. 
"F-Finish! Chris! What the hell are you imagining?” 
Felicia shouted with a red face. Shame was clearly present in Felicia’s voice, causing Chris to widen his eyes and speak with a coy expression, 
"What is Noonim imagining? Huh?” 
In-gong also wondered this. What did she imagine from Chris’ words? 
In-gong’s face turned redder at the thought, and it was the same with Felicia. It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that her whole body was red. 
"Ah, no… I mean...” 
She stammered in a tearful voice, but she couldn’t think of a proper excuse. Chris grinned, while Caitlin asked with confusion,
“Unni?” 
Her eyes were innocent and clear. Seeing Caitlin’s expression, Felicia groaned with dismay like it was hard to face that pureness. 
Once again, it was Silvan who saved Felicia. 
“Sob, sob. Felicia, this is the heart of a father who is giving his daughter away in marriage.” 
"Ah, come on!” 
Felicia reacted like usual, but her eyes were filled with gratitude toward Silvan. 
"Hmm, hmm. Then shall we end it here? Delia, Seira, and Sepira will be worried.” 
Carack, who had been watching the situation calmly, spoke and wrapped up the situation. Silvan, who had been struggling to overcome this situation, immediately agreed with Carack. 
"Yes, let’s get up first. It isn’t just today. Let’s talk about this slowly in the future.” 
Time was needed for everyone to cool down and think. Chris seemed to agree, but then he laughed and said roguishly,
“Think about it Shutra. Caitlin will be an even more beautiful woman in the future.” 
“O-Oppa.” 
Caitlin felt his share of shame. As In-gong watched Caitlin try to hide behind Chris’ big body, he nodded inadvertently. Caitlin, who was just ahead of her 16th birthday, was still a teenage girl. As Chris said, she would become even more amazing in the future. 
Once Chris spoke like this, Silvan felt some rivalry as he gazed toward Felicia. 
"Shutra, our Felicia is already an amazing beauty, but she will become more so in the future. Felicia is always the best.” 
Unlike Caitlin who had risen from her seat, Felicia was still sitting next to In-gong. When he thought about it, they were still holding hands. 
Felicia flinched and turned her head away again. Thanks to that, she exposed her red neck and ears. 
"Prince, the situation is reoccurring.” 
Carack once again organized the situation. Silvan was immediately aware that he had embarrassed Felicia further and backpedalled. 
“Well, yes. I should stop now. Good night, Shutra.” 
Silvan then reached out and pulled Felicia up. She staggered instantly, like she had lost strength in her legs, but soon stood upright and opened her fan. 
“Yes, good night. Shutra.” 
Felicia stuttered like she couldn’t shake off her agitation even with the fan, making her cuter in In-gong’s eyes. 
‘It is too much.’ 
Everything she did looked cute. 
As In-gong was thinking this, Caitlin also opened her mouth. Her cheeks were still red, but she showed a more relaxed smile than Felicia. 
"Have a good night's sleep. Have good dreams.” 
"Yes, dream of Caitlin.” 
"Yes.” 
Chris interjected, and In-gong replied automatically, making the mood odd again. 
Silvan seemed to want to tell In-gong to dream of Felicia, while Caitlin punched Chris with resentment and Felicia buried her face in her fan. 
Carack couldn’t stand this endless loop anymore, so he said to the princes and princesses, 
"Come on, go to sleep. It’s late in the night.” 
He waved his hand and chased them away. 
“Huoong...” 
After everyone left and only Carack remained, In-gong let out a long breath. It was a sigh filled with many emotions. 
Carack gazed at him and said, 
“Prince, it was hard to look at. I felt embarrassed for you.” 
"Hey, why should I be embarrassed?” 
"Isn’t your mouth smiling too much? That is why. You will understand if you look in a mirror.” 
Carack was as sharp as always, and In-gong flinched for a moment before smiling coolly. 
"Well... it is great.” 
They were Felicia and Caitlin, not anybody else. The two people liked In-gong despite their embarrassment, so why shouldn’t he feel good? 
Carack shook his head at In-gong’s shameless words. 
"I was aware of this after meeting you, but you really were far from your brothers and sisters.” 
If their period of growing up together had been long, then things might have been different today. In-gong nodded in agreement. 
“Well... there was nothing in the first place.” 
It wasn’t an exaggeration. Before becoming one with In-gong, Shutra had virtually no relationship with his other siblings. 
The Red Lightning Tribe mission was the first time he had seen Caitlin, let alone talked to her. 
It was no different with Felicia. 
‘And...’ 
Felicia and Caitlin weren’t In-gong’s sisters in the first place. 
However, he couldn’t say this, even if the other person was Carack. It was a story that he hadn’t even shared with Felicia, who he had shared almost all his other secrets. 
"Anyway... thank you. I didn’t think that Prince would tell me this secret.” 
Carack said, turning his head sideways. It was embarrassing for Carack to say something like this. 
In fact, Carack’s reaction was natural. Other than Carack, the other aides hadn’t been invited and then a very shocking fact had been revealed. 
"Of course, I should tell you. You are Carack.” 
In-gong laughed, and Carack scratched his head awkwardly. Tonight seemed to be a night of embarrassment. 
"Then I’m asking as Carack... Prince, who truly is the better one?” 
Carack asked, turning the warm atmosphere awkward. In-gong cleared his mind and then took a deep breath. 
"I think I should become the demon king first. Otherwise, what is the point of discussing it?” 
"Such a big goal?” 
“Of course.” 
This world was very different from Knight Saga in many ways, but In-gong still had the Day of Massacre in his head. 
He wouldn’t allow himself to be truly happy until he was the demon king. 
Elaine’s and Chris’ plans for marriage would’ve been established on the premise that In-gong would become the demon king. 
“Understood. Then, I will really go now. Will you use the dream pillow so that you don’t lose your strength?” 
"Ah, no. I won’t use the pillow today.” 
In-gong was already in a situation where his delusions were running wild. He was afraid of what he would dream the moment he used the pillow. 
"Then Master, go for a walk. Master is disgusting right now.” 
Green Wind suddenly appeared behind In-gong and hugged his neck. Carack nodded as well. 
"It is a good idea. The cold wind is the best to restore your spirit at night.” 
In other words, it would calm him down. 
"Okay, then I will be going for a while.” 
He had just been in a heated situation, so the cool wind at night sounded quite nice. 
"Go safely.” 
Carack opened the door of the cabin with a chuckle. 
&  
There were some dark elves on the deck, but fortunately, Felicia and Caitlin weren’t present. In-gong greeted the dark elves before heading to a place that was deserted. The cool night breeze cleared his head. 
In-gong became emotional and raised his head toward the night sky. It felt like the stars in the sky were falling toward him. 
“Prince.” 
“Sword Duke.” 
The sword duke approached from behind. He grabbed a seat next to In-gong and stretched. 
"That look... you seem refreshed.” 
“Yes.” 
The sword duke had been worrying about his reaction. Once In-gong answered calmly, the sword duke sighed and smiled. 
"I am relieved. Yes, what about the reaction of the others... Prince? What is with that expression?” 
The sword duke frowned and tilted his head. He had expected a reaction, but he didn’t think In-gong would look so embarrassed. 
“Uh, um. That...” 
In-gong hesitated before telling the sword duke the story. He didn’t tell every detail, but the flow was straightforward, making the sword duke curious. 
"What can I say... I imagined this development to happen further in the future.” 
"I-Is that so?” 
The shock of In-gong’s birth secret being revealed had changed to confusion and embarrassment. 
“The 4th Queen’s mindset... I thought it would come eventually... But uh, well, this is quick... Moreover...” 
“Moreover?” 
"It is strange to say something like this, but shouldn’t you normally feel distress over your identity or something like that?” 
The sword duke asked. 
“Uh...” 
It was like he said. As far as Shutra’s birth was concerned, Shutra wasn’t a child born out of a natural process but an artificially created one. 
Usually in this situation, the novel or manhwa protagonist would feel a serious confusion over their identity. 
'I am not XX,’ or ‘I’m not human,’ or ‘I don’t care, I am human!’... They would think things like that. 
Then they would usually accept their identity through some dramatic situation. 
However, In-gong was different. He didn’t feel any confusion over his identity. 
‘Well, Shutra...’ 
In-gong was already Shutra, but something still felt separate. 
If he had many memories of the 5th Queen, then it might be different. However, it had only been a year since In-gong became Shutra. 
Additionally, the problem of Felicia and Caitlin was far more important than some confusion over his identity. 
After seeing that In-gong didn’t feel any identity crisis, the sword duke laughed once again. 
“Well, you don’t have to react like that. It is good. Prince actually seems more dependable. You are mentally tough.” 
“Thank you.” 
In-gong replied coolly. The sword duke didn’t continue talking about In-gong’s identity but switched the topic instead. 
"Prince, do you remember the first time we met?” 
"I remember.” 
It was when In-gong had been facing the man with the blue aura at Thunderdoom Fortress. 
In-gong had been incapable of beating the enemy before him ,and everyone was prepared for death. That memory was still vivid. 
The sword duke laughed and stared straight at In-gong. In-gong had been impressed by the sword duke, and now the sword duke was impressed by In-gong. 
It wasn’t because In-gong was a being created using the essence of the gandharva god. There was something more special about In-gong. 
"It isn’t because of the divinity of the gandharva. I am really looking forward to Prince’s future. Someday, I might bow to you after you are the demon king.” 
This was why the demon king had given In-gong the Seed of Extreme Nothingness. 
"The group led by Prince is important. Look after the other princes and princesses.” 
“Yes, Sword Duke.” 
There were no more questions and answers. 
The sword duke patted In-gong’s shoulder and left, while In-gong stayed on the deck for a bit longer. 
&  
Two days later, the Black Flame Dragon arrived at Enger Plains. Anastasia had already arrived first, so she greeted the party. 
As elegant as always, she frowned when she saw the party before her. 
“What is with this subtly sweet, happy, and dangerous atmosphere?” 
The feeling around Shutra was quite different from when she last saw them. 
Chris was smiling more wickedly than usual, while Silvan was unsure about what to do. 
Felicia and Caitlin on In-gong’s left and right looked unnatural, as Caitlin kept on fidgeting and Felicia never removed the fan from her face. 
In the centre of all that, In-gong was just smiling. 
Anastasia felt quite favourable toward In-gong, but she couldn’t help wanting to beat that expression off his face. 
"T-That... it is nothing. Yes, there is nothing.” 
Felicia said quickly. Anastasia looked dubious as her eyes narrowed even further. 
“Hrmm...?” 
Her questioning gaze was scary, but no one opened their mouths. 
In-gong was familiar with Anastasia, but there was a clear difference in position between Anastasia’s faction and Shutra’s faction. 
Anastasia was still a powerful adversary and head of a rival faction, so she couldn’t be told his birth secret. 
"What—what are you doing?” 
Anastasia attacked Felicia, who was the closest and seemed the easiest. The normal Felicia would’ve replied in a certain way, but she didn’t answer. 
"How suspicious.” 
Anastasia’s eyes narrowed even more. Felicia, who was in charge of Anastasia, was in a helpless state, so there was no one to deal with her. 
Chris was able to compete with Anastasia, but he just laughed like the situation was funny. Then just as In-gong was about to open his mouth... 
"4th Princess, shouldn’t you move? It seems like there are more people who want to say hello.” 
The sword duke moved like the wind and spoke to Anastasia. She was surprised by the sword duke’s appearance but regained her poise as always. 
"4th Princess Anastasia Nekrion greets the sword duke.” 
“A pleasure. You are still as beautiful as ever.” 
Anastasia was one of several people who had gathered at the Enger Plains to greet them, and she displayed a formal greeting to the sword duke. 
Felicia sighed with relief when Anastasia’s attention was turned away from her and toward the sword duke instead. 
“Come this way. We have prepared a small welcoming ceremony. It would be better to exchange greetings there.” 
Anastasia said gracefully as she led the way. At that moment, In-gong saw the people behind Anastasia. There was some good faces. 
'Ferocious Eyes.’ 
As the name suggests, the eyes were ferocious. However, despite the scary eyes, In-gong just smiled at him. 
It wasn’t just Ferocious Eyes who In-gong greeted gladly. Among the crowd at Enger Plains, many of them were In-gong’s people. 
Vandal’s large size made him stand out as he smiled at In-gong, and there was a beautiful woman smiling beside Vandal. 
The succubus, Nayatra... 
It was her. 
&  
"Your Highness, I will report about the information I’ve collected.” 
"Yes.”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 202 - Chapter 42: Awareness #4
Anastasia’s welcoming party consisted of a mixture of nightmares and centaurs. 
It was an outdoor banquet hall for the centaurs, while the nightmares provided the cold alcohol and spicy dishes. 
The centaurs sat down around a large fire with the sword duke, children of the demon king, and Ferocious Eyes. 
Satyrs were dancing around the big fire. There were also various musical instruments playing. However, the traditional music of the centaurs were based on the drums, so the whole atmosphere was reminiscent of being in an army. 
After the satyrs, it was the succubi who showed off their dancing skills. Unlike the satyrs’ dance which was energetic and raw, the succubi were gorgeous and sensual. 
Everyone had already drunk some alcohol, so they couldn’t help swallowing at the sight, while Chris covered Caitlin’s eyes with a big palm. Caitlin pouted and complained, but no one took her side. 
The party was a prelude to the introductions of three groups which had arrived through the transportation formation. In-gong already knew Anastasia’s and Vandal’s groups. 
So, the sword duke introduced the last group, the sura warriors, to In-gong. 
“Prince, you were introduced to Indara before.” 
“It is great to see 9th Prince.” 
Indara greeted him in a cool voice, and In-gong nodded. In-gong had already knew Indara from the mission at the Sanctuary, so only brief greetings were exchanged. 
With Indara as the leader, 20 sura warriors had left the Sanctuary. This was a considerable number when considering the fact that there were only dozens of sura warriors. 
By the time the greetings were over, the succubi’s dance had finished. As the music stopped, Caitlin stared at Chris’ palm and asked in an uncomfortable voice, 
“Has it finished?” 
“It has finished. You can now look.” 
Chris removed his palm and patted Caitlin’s head. It was a sweet touch, but Caitlin was still upset. 
“I can see it. It is me.” 
“Uh, you can’t watch it yet. It is too stimulating.” 
Chris knocked on Caitlin’s head lightly. He was more like a father taking care of his daughter, instead of a brother. 
However, Caitlin was still dissatisfied. Caitlin was already 15 years old, and her 16th birthday would soon be arriving. In the Demon King’s Palace, 18 was considered the age of adulthood. However, in the lycanthrope society, it was actually 16 years old. 
She was tired of being so controlled that she couldn’t even watch the succubi dance. While Caitlin was pouting, the sword duke chuckled and said, 
“Princess, don’t be too upset. The sura will show you their sword dance.” 
“The sura’s sword dance?” 
“Yes, it is quite exciting.” 
The sword duke shrugged and gestured to Indara, who delivered a brief request to the satyr musicians and stood in front of the large fire with nine sura warriors. 
“I will start.” 
As soon as Indara laughed, a strong aura storm pushed around the big fire. It was because 10 powerful suras had opened their aura at the same time. 
Once everyone’s gazes were focused on them, Indara and the suras started moving their swords. Thanks to their aura, the swords shone in different ways as they danced among the flames, creating a spectacular sight. 
Caitlin quickly fell for the sword dance. Anastasia, who was still questioning Felicia about what was going on, soon forgot about that matter for a while. 
In-gong also watched the sword dance with excited eyes. It was due to the splendor and beauty as well as the hidden meanings in the sura sword dance. 
[Sura Sword Dance Lv1 has been learnt.] 
[Understanding of Sura Heart Law has increased.] 
The clear voice of the woman melted naturally into the music. 
Then some time passed by. It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that everyone in the banquet hall was captured by the suras. The excited centaurs and satyrs woke up from their daze and applauded. 
During this exciting atmosphere, the sword duke laughed and glanced at In-gong. 
“Prince. Can Prince give us a show?” 
“Huh?” 
“The gandharva are a species of heavenly dancers. Please fulfill this request for me.” 
The sword duke’s voice was louder than usual. It seemed to be directed at those around him, rather than In-gong. 
And it worked. All eyes gazed at In-gong expectantly, with Caitlin’s shining the brightest. The sword duke observed Caitlin as he asked,
“Do you want to see?” 
“Yes, yes! I want to see!” 
She was shouting so excitedly that it couldn’t be helped. 
‘I received a bunch of gandharva passives, so it should be okay somehow.’ 
He had also just learnt Sura Sword Dance. 
When In-gong got up from his seat, the atmosphere of the banquet suddenly became heated. In-gong thought about it as he walked slowly toward the big fire. 
‘Let’s go for something brilliant.’ 
However, he felt embarrassed to dance alone. 
“Green Wind.” 
Green Wind showed up in solid form the moment In-gong called her. In-gong grabbed one of Green Wind’s hands naturally and moved like he was escorting his wife. 
“Ohhh!” 
The surrounding people quickly became noisier and more excited, and In-gong commanded Green Wind to scatter the heat of the big fire. Then because of what In-gong was going to do next, he took a deep breath. 
“Spiritualism, Four Heavenly Kings.” 
“Apostle Appointment, Green Wind.” 
In-gong and Green Wind whispered at the same time, and at that moment, a brilliant light appeared and they transformed. 
The centaurs and satyrs couldn’t even speak to express their admiration. 
In his divine state, In-gong was beautiful. The fragrance of his Divine Scent spread about and made everyone fall into ecstasy. 
Green Wind was also formidable. The centaurs and satyrs still prayed to her, a beautiful goddess of the wind. 
In-gong and Green Wind held hands and started dancing. It was an awkward dance, but that didn’t matter. 
“Ahh...” 
The satyrs held their hands together, like they were praying, and burst into tears, while some of the centaurs grabbed their chests, and Amita sniffed happily. 
However, that wasn’t the end. The succubi watching the dance moaned and fainted. 
Yet, no one looked at them. They were too engrossed in In-gong and Green Wind’s dance. 
&  
‘A failure.’ 
In-gong thought as he saw the devastated banquet hall. He had consumed a huge amount of magic power when using Pheromones and Divine Scent. 
‘There are even people who fainted.’ 
However, that was natural. 
The succubus species were very sensitive to pheromones. For them, In-gong’s pheromones were effective enough to be a natural enemy. 
The expression in everyone’s gazes toward In-gong changed after the welcoming party. Even Anastasia was looking at In-gong with envious eyes. Thanks to this, Felicia’s struggle with Anastasia was alleviated. 
There was one more person who was fascinated by In-gong. 
“Your Highness, I will report about the information I collected.” 
“Yes.” 
After the banquet, Nayatra came up with him with a blank face, and In-gong nodded awkwardly. Nayatra’s reaction wasn’t burdensome, nor did In-gong feel burdened because of his beauty. The reason why he felt awkward was because of Nayatra’s mission. 
‘I can’t say it.’ 
Nayatra had left the Demon King’s Palace to figure out the sin of the gandharva. Despite her months of hard work and information gathering, In-gong already knew what the sin was. 
Additionally, Nayatra played no role in In-gong figuring out that information. 
‘Ugh...’ 
He was struggling because he felt sorry toward her. 
In-gong pinched his thigh and took deep breaths as Nayatra started her report. 
This was a summary of Nayatra’s report: 
 She found out where the gandharva were confined. 
 Contacting the gandharva was also a success. 
 However, she couldn’t figure out what the sin of the gandharva was. Everybody's mouths were shut firmly. 
“I'm sorry. I am still lacking.” 
“No, that is good enough. You did really well.” 
He meant it sincerely. In retrospect, it was natural that Nayatra couldn’t figure it out. This was a secret involving the birth of a prince of the Demon King’s Palace. No matter how talented Nayatra was, she wouldn’t be able to figure it out in just a few months. 
Additionally, unlike the lycanthropes, the gandharva were all imprisoned. Just getting into contact with them was a significant achievement. 
“Your Highness, the gandharva had no access to outside information. Therefore, they didn’t know anything about Your Highness’ performance.” 
The gandharva hadn’t received any external information for the last 15 years since after Shutra’s birth, to be exact. However, that was natural. 
Nayatra paused and gulped. She licked his lips before lowering her voice. 
“Your Highness, I used some unreasonable methods to collect information. Please understand.” 
“Nayatra?” 
“I contacted a gandharva and said that Your Highness was seeking cooperation with him.” 
In-gong understood what Nayatra was worried about. The gandharva were confined, so it was a sin to approach them without authorization. If the story of In-gong contacting the gandharva leaked, then it would be a big problem for him. 
“The gandharva didn’t reveal their sin, but they are very pleased about Your Highness.” 
Nayatra pulled out a bead from a box she had prepared in advance. It wasn’t a bead which recorded images like the one the sword duke had given him. In-gong could feel the power of divinity the moment he touched the bead. 
‘It contains divine power.’ 
The bead was a bit strange, but it was clearly something to strengthen In-gong’s divinity. This was probably one of the artifacts of Dhrtarastra that the gandharva kept. 
It was a very helpful harvest. In-gong patted Nayatra on the shoulder. 
“Thanks for the trouble. You have distinguished yourself.” 
Nayatra was very pleased by In-gong’s compliment and spoke in an excited voice,
“Your Highness, I will try to contact the gandharva again. With a little more effort, I will be able to discover what their sin is.” 
Enthusiasm was flowing in her eyes and voice. In-gong calmed Nayatra down. 
“It’s okay, Nayatra. This degree of investigation is enough.” 
“But Your Highness!” 
Nayatra objected. In-gong stared straight into her eyes and declared, 
“No, it is okay. More research is too risky. And I don't want Nayatra to be in danger. Nayatra is a very precious person to me.” 
“Ahhh...” 
Nayatra sighed. It wouldn’t be strange if she fainted. 
In-gong thought it was strange, but he decided to be glad that she wasn’t stubborn anymore. He laughed and gave Nayatra a bottle of Heavenly Wine he had prepared in advance. 
“Here, Nayatra. It is too early to call it a prize, but this is a gift from me. It is made from a mixture of my magic power and other things.” 
“Thank you, Your Highness.” 
Nayatra hugged the Heavenly Wine and thanked In-gong again. It seemed like she was still enchanted by his dance at the banquet hall. 
‘Ah, I look like a bad guy.’ 
In-gong coughed a few times at the thought before leaving Nayatra. He wanted to stay with her longer, but there was still one more person In-gong needed to meet. 
“Your popularity is great.” 
“It is Sword Duke’s fault.” 
The sword duke laughed at In-gong’s rebuke when he appeared like the wind in the barracks. 
“Prince, I will be leaving Enger Plains tonight.” 
“Tonight?” 
“The north doesn’t have many transportation formations, so there are many places to where I need to run. I must hurry to join 2nd Prince as well as 1st Prince.” 
The sword duke said with a smile before raising a hand to In-gong’s shoulder. 
“Indara and 4th Princess will know the detailed schedule. I recommend that you leave the schedule to those two people.” 
“I understand.” 
The number of people who joined him on Enger Plains was over 100. There were the 20 suras led by Indara as well as Vandal’s independent unit which consisted of 100 troops. Anastasia led an elite unit too, so it was impossible to carry all of them on the Black Flame Dragon. Whether they liked it or not, they had to travel by land. 
After finishing his talk, the sword duke tapped In-gong’s shoulder again. 
“Prince, I wish you good luck.” 
“Good luck to you as well." 
Their next meeting would be beyond the Northern Limit Line, in front of Shutenberg’s castle. The sword duke left the barracks with a quiet smile, and In-gong watched him leave. 
Then the next afternoon... 
In-gong’s group headed toward the Northern Limit Line and beyond it. 
&  
“Having three batteries is really reliable.” 
“Shutra, isn’t it too crude to call your sisters that?”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 203 - Chapter 42: Awareness #5
"Having three batteries is really reliable.” 
“Shutra, isn’t it too crude to call your sisters that?” 
Anastasia frowned at In-gong’s words.  
In fact, although it was a joke, he was almost serious. 
She had felt it when she met In-gong the other day. In-gong seemed to care about Felicia a lot, but he also had a habit of eating his resources, including Felicia. Right now, Anastasia had used her magic until she was almost exhausted. Felicia had been with In-gong for a while, so she had already experienced this burn out several times. 
After hearing Anastasia’s words, In-gong looked at her in surprise. Despite the content of her words being a complaint, Anastasia still sounded elegant. 
"Well, it seems to be working.” 
Carack spoke from where he was watching alone. Amita, who was more dissatisfied than Anastasia, cut into the conversation. 
“Give Daphne the Heavenly Wine! This unscrupulous employer! You should guarantee a fair remuneration!” 
Felicia, Anastasia, and Daphne were in charge of recovery for ‘faster than the wind’. 
Carack shook his head in disbelief at Amita. 
"Raccoon, the Heavenly Wine is good, but why are you so obsessed with it?” 
“There is nothing better than the Heavenly Wine!” 
Amita jumped up and yelled, then they started to pant. They were excited just thinking about the Heavenly Wine. 
"Umm... it won’t last forever. This is why addiction is so terrible.” 
Carack looked at Daphne for sympathy, and Daphne couldn’t help smiling. 
It was at that moment that... 
"Shutra, what is the Heavenly Wine?” 
Anastasia tilted her head and asked. She couldn’t follow the flow of the conversation because she didn’t know what the Heavenly Wine was. 
“Eh? Ah, yes. I never gave Anastasia noona the Heavenly Wine.” 
It really seemed like that was the case. He thought he had given it to Anastasia because he had given it to everyone else, but it seemed like she had never even smelt it, let alone tasted it. 
“Heavenly Wine? Isn’t the name too grand?” 
Anastasia said with a slight frown, inducing backlash from Amita. 
“It is lacking! The Heavenly Wine is really amazing! You will be amazed after drinking it!” 
“Hoh, isn’t that intriguing?” 
Anastasia said in a coy voice and looked at In-gong with slightly fluttering eyes. Instead of responding, In-gong thought about something else. 
‘I can’t just give it to her.’ 
Last night, he had drawn blood after using Spiritualism. Due to the activation of Pheromones and Divine Scent while dancing, they were infused into taste and smell of the wine, making it different from the previous Heavenly Wine. It was obvious that the effect would be great if he gave it to Anastasia without diluting it with alcohol or water. 
In-gong couldn’t help smiling as he imagined Anastasia reacting like Amita. Then Carack frowned and said,
"Prince, you are thinking something dangerous. Your eyes are sneaky. They are burning with more ambition than usual.” 
In-gong had revealed too much. He quickly fixed his expression and spoke to Anastasia, 
“Right now, I have none to spare. I will give it to you later.” 
“Hrmm.” 
Anastasia stared at In-gong. Her gaze showed that she knew something wasn’t right. 
In-gong nodded and grabbed Anastasia’s hand, kissing the back of it. 
“Anastasia noona is a precious battery. I’ll make sure to give it to you at a later time.” 
“Didn’t I just say that it is crude to call me that?” 
Anastasia said, gazing at In-gong gracefully. She truly was very elegant. 
“I want to help too.” 
Caitlin sighed as she listened to the conversation. She could use spells, but they were only the basics. Unlike the expert magicians, Felicia and Anastasia, Caitlin was unable to use recovery magic. 
In-gong was about to say something to comfort Caitlin, but he managed to hold it back before committing the mistake. Caitlin was looking around at her surroundings with delighted eyes. 
‘It’s okay, Noona is my aura battery.’ 
In-gong smiled at the thought, feeling that Anastasia’s words were somewhat reasonable. 
The three princesses weren’t batteries. In-gong didn’t think so even as a joke. He knew he shouldn’t think that way. 
“Anyway... we are now approaching the limit line. Once beyond the limit line, we won’t be able to march like this.” 
Anastasia changed the topic. Then Caitlin asked with shining eyes, 
"Has Anastasia unni ever crossed over?” 
Caitlin’s voice was friendly, like they had become closer after the welcoming party. Anastasia responded with a gentle expression, like she didn’t dislike Caitlin. 
“I’ve only done it twice. But both times were only near the limit line. This is the first time that I will be entering the depths.” 
She sounded strangely more polite than when she talked to In-gong and Felicia. 
Anastasia continued to explain, 
"Basically, it has rough terrain. Beyond the Northern Limit Line is pretty much just a cold land, so we will need to take some measures against the cold. 
"There will also be creatures and barbarians... It won’t be easy to reach Shutenberg’s castle." 
Chris, who had been silent until now, spoke up. He was training to become the next king of the lycanthropes, but he still felt afraid to go far beyond the limit line. 
"It is a shame that there is a limit on the number of people who can board the Black Flame Dragon.” 
The number of soldiers led by the royal children reached nearly 200. That was over the limit for the Black Flame Dragon, so they needed to move on land. 
Anastasia looked up at the Black Flame Dragon and narrowed her eyes. 
"Even if it was possible to fit them, riding it is impossible. There is severe turbulence beyond the Northern Limit Line, so it won’t be able to fly as fast as before.” 
The altitude was likely to not be particularly high. Beyond the Northern Limit Line, the winds were as sharp as knives, so the sails of the Black Flame Dragon were likely to be damaged. 
They hadn’t even reached the castle of Arch Lich Shutenberg, yet there were already ominous thoughts. Chris shrugged and said in a cool voice, 
"Well, there are many magicians, and there are no ordinary people among the soldiers. Won’t it be okay somehow?” 
Along with the dark elves who had come from Sky Forest, the lycanthropes, the nightmares, and the suras, who had joined at Enger Plains, were all the best of their kind. In-gong’s independent unit was unconventional and didn’t contain anyone ordinary either. There were many strong troops like the ogres and golems. 
As the conversation continued, their voices naturally became louder. Then Felicia, who had been resting in a separate place, approached. 
"What are you talking about?” 
Felicia was currently taking a break, but she had been maintaining ‘faster than the wind’ for nearly two hours. She had laid down and rested as soon as the march stopped, but there was still fatigue on her face. 
In-gong felt sorry toward her, while Anastasia just sighed. Chris watched from the side and laughed. 
"I was telling Shutra that he is using Noonim too much.” 
“Yes. Isn’t that right? He has drained his sisters.” 
Felicia smiled wearily, while Caitlin laughed and looked at In-gong. 
"Yes, yes. Shutra is too much. I’ve also had my aura drained.” 
It was filled with affection rather than criticism. Then, instead of replying, In-gong stood up and declared, 
“Now, let’s depart. Anastasia noonim, I’ll be asking for your magic power next.” 
"Are you treating me as a battery now?” 
"I am too.” 
"How childish.” 
However, the princesses then burst out laughing at In-gong’s expression.
"Yes, let's start.” 
As Anastasia moved to the centre of the army, the aide beside her signalled for the soldiers to prepare to move. 
In-gong climbed on top of Maybach and thought about Shutenberg. 
It had always been Warrior Locke who took out Shutenberg in Knight Saga. Additionally, the place where Shutenberg had fallen wasn’t beyond the Northern Limit Line, but at the border with the Demon World and Human World. 
‘I think that Locke probably took down a clone.’ 
In-gong took a deep breath and looked beyond the Northern Limit Line with a serious expression in his eyes. 
&  
Locke’s party arrived at that location almost half an hour after In-gong’s party left. Carlov gazed at the trail of the army and huffed. 
“How can an army march so fast? Are they overflowing with magic power? No, isn’t this too much even if they are?” 
The speed of the army was even faster than the flying ship. There were 200 troops, but they were moving at a super fast speed. Carlov had experience marching through countless battlefields, so he was confused. 
However, Beatrice was worried about something else. 
“Doesn’t it seem like they have no luggage? How are they getting their supplies?” 
They could supplement their supplies in the Demon World, but the destination was beyond the limit line. Each soldier would need to carry a large burden, but the baggage for each soldier was too light. It was almost like they were carrying nothing. 
Carlov’s and Beatrice's worries deepened. They travelled all over the Demon World, but they had never encountered such an unusual maneuver. 
"Well, aren’t we able to go unnoticed thanks to that?” 
Locke said brightly, but Carlov wasn’t cheered up. 
"Rather, I am worried that we will miss them.” 
Their movement speed was too fast. Until now, it had been easy to catch up due to the traces left behind. However, these traces might disappear beyond the limit line. 
"Beyond the limit line, we will have to narrow the distance a little further.” 
Locke’s group hadn’t moved beyond the limit line yet. Compared to the children of the demon king, they were lacking in information. 
"Shouldn’t we just join with the children of the demon king? Their purpose is the same as ours.” 
Carlov scratched his chin as he spoke, but Locke shook his head. 
“It isn’t easy to decide. The Guardian told me to maintain a distance.” 
Guardian Queian didn’t trust Conquest. Although Locke wondered if he needed to be so careful, he would follow Queian’s words for now. 
"Anyway, let’s depart. Otherwise, we really will miss them.” 
Carlov said lightly. The children of the demon king had likely already reached the Northern Limit Line at this speed. 
“Beatrice, please use recovery.” 
"Yes, Locke." 
Beatrice was Locke’s battery. She closed her eyes and prayed quietly to her god. 
&  
In-gong’s group reached the Northern Limit Line. 
In pursuit of In-gong’s party, Locke’s party headed toward the Northern Limit Line. 
Additionally, there were those who were going beyond the Northern Limit Line but toward the west. 
“1st P
rince Baikal Ragnaros greets the sword duke.” 
“2nd Prince Zephyr Ragnaros greets the sword duke.” 
"Greetings, I am the saintess, Zephyr’s fiancee!” 
A youthful voice was added at the end. Baikal laughed, while Zephyr just closed his eyes with a bitter smile. 
The sword duke couldn’t help laughing. He knew about the Dark Saintess, but he had never imagined she would have such a bright personality. Furthermore, he didn’t know she was the 2nd Prince’s fiancee. 
“I am Sword Duke Ishgard. It is a pleasure to see 1st Prince and 2nd Prince.” 
In response to the sword duke, Baikal smiled mildly while Zephyr opened his eyes. Altesia grinned as she approached Zephyr.
The sword duke looked at the three people before turning his gaze away. In addition to the Order of Erebos knights Altesia had brought along, there were the draconians led by Baikal and Zephyr respectively. However, the most prominent one was Quanta. 
She looked like a gandharva, but the sword duke immediately identified her as a dragon. 2nd Prince was just as amazing as 9th Prince. 
Quanta wasn’t the same as when she met Altesia, but just like before, she was still blindfolded. 
The sword duke looked at Quanta with interest before turning his attention back to the three people. 
“The preparations are ready. Then there is no need to delay. Let’s depart immediately.” 
The number of troops led by Baikal and Zephyr combined to make 500. Due to them being cavalry, the amount of supplies needed was enormous. Therefore, in terms of mobility, they had to hurry or they would lag behind In-gong’s party. 
The sword duke glided smoothly along the ground, immediately followed by Baikal and Zephyr. 
Half a day later, aside from Victor, all the demon king’s children and Warrior Locke crossed the limit line. 
In different places, the War Knight and the Death Knight looked at the same place. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 204 - Chapter 43: Storm
The legend of the elder dragons, who were said to have the same power as a god, was handed down in various places throughout the Demon World. 
The species with the longest historical record among the various species of the Demon World were the dark elves, but the elder dragons were even older than the dark elves. 
The elder dragons had existed throughout the history of the Demon World. This meant there were many legends about them, especially from the Era of Struggle. 
The reason for this was very simple. 
The Era of Struggle had been a horrible era in which all the species of the Demon World fought against each other, resulting in death and killing every day. 
In the days when the cruelties of war couldn’t be escaped, only the areas ruled by the elder dragons had escaped from the battles. 
The absolute power of the elder dragons had not allowed any conflicts in their territory. There had been some groups foolish enough to challenge the elder dragons, but their fates had always been the same. 
Even among the dragons, who were called the best species, the elder dragons were special. They were dragons with the power of gods. 
In the myths and legends, each of the elder dragons were given their own image. 
Ainkel had the power of life and was the benevolent mother of Enger Plains. She gave peace to the people who entered her territory. In all the records, she had been painted as a saintess. 
Enkidu was a tyrant with the power of destruction. However, ironically, due to his violence, Enkidu’s territory was more peaceful than the territory of any other elder dragon. Even the strongest species wouldn’t dare to boast in Enkidu’s territory. If Ainkel was a mother, then Enkidu was a father. 
Recorder Torres was portrayed as an inquisitive scholar and Violent Kaltein a silent warrior. Although the Cruel Talia was portrayed as a youthful girl, she was considered ‘cruel’ for her ability to wipe out whole groups with a smile on her face. 
Guardian Queian always appeared as a sage in the stories. He wasn’t benign like Ainkel nor was he cruel like Talia. Unlike Torres, Quiean often got involved because of his curiosity. However, he wasn’t as violent as Enkidu, nor could he stay silent like Kaltein. 
The last appearance of the elder dragons had been around 1,000 years ago. Since then, no one had spotted the elder dragons in the Demon World. 
&  
The Great Enkidu had lived for thousands of years. He had been born after the first elder dragons had already been annihilated by the red dragon. From the time he had been born, he had known what his role was and who his enemies were. 
The elder dragon had the same power as a god, but he was no longer the same as he had been in the past. He had changed exactly 1,000 years ago. 
Enkidu thought as he lay down in lava. 
The Four Riders of the Apocalypse and the elder dragons couldn’t intervene in the world in the same way as before. 
Moreover, both sides had just woken up from a very deep sleep. 
However, the story was already continuing on without Enkidu’s intervention. The indirect conflicts were then repeated, and the Great Enkidu acknowledged that the flow of destiny was accelerating due to these conflicts. 
The Great Enkidu was patient. He had a hunch about his role in this torrent of destiny and instinctively felt that the moment when he would need to perform his role was just around the corner. 
Enkidu sighed, with a fragment of Ainkel’s broken soul remaining by his side. 
&  
A frigid cold... 
The entire world seemed to be coated in white. A blizzard was in motion, and the wind was like a knife. The harsh cold caused their breaths to freeze. 
It had been fine after just crossing the limit line. The cold was worse, but the wind was at a fairly bearable level. 
A group of casios attacked them, but they weren’t a big threat. 
However, hell started once a day passed after crossing the limit line. 
In-gong was reminded of the documentaries he had watched of Mount Everest. They were obviously walking through the plains, but it was hard to breathe like they were in a high mountain area. The thick snow made it difficult to move, and the blowing winds couldn’t be blocked by their collars. 
Silvan had tearfully given up the Black Flame Dragon. Of course, that didn’t mean it had been left behind at the limit line. A minimal number of people had been left to run the Black Flame Dragon, and it headed back to Enger Plains. 
All of those present were wearing winter clothes made of casios leather. The previous big battle at Enger Plains meant it wasn’t difficult to produce clothes for 200 people. 
However, there was a limit to how much they could protect their bodies using the winter clothes and tools. 
"Magic! Create a fire with magic! Do it!” 
Amita cried out from their position on Carack’s back. Despite the winter clothing, Amita’s tail still flinched from the cold. 
Amita’s words weren’t for Carack but the children of the demon king at the front. Felicia, who was walking the closest to them, nodded, but she couldn’t look back. 
"Can’t! Blow out, everything!” 
Her lips didn’t move well because of the cold, so her pronunciation was weird. However, the meaning was understood. 
The wind and cold were so strong that it was hard to even use fire magic. Even if she did create a fire, it would blow out in a few seconds. 
“Bell Fire! Bell Fire!” 
Amita exclaimed as they buried their face in Carack’s back. Although their pronunciation was off, they seemed to be requesting for Hellfire. 
Felicia pretended not to hear it. She couldn’t waste her magic power beyond the limit line where anything could happen at any time. 
“Hah...ha...” 
Her footsteps were too heavy because of the snow. She was wearing large coloured goggles to protect her eyes from the light reflecting off the snow. 
She felt like she was going to die. It was difficult to breathe, and she couldn’t see well because of the colours goggles. If there wasn’t a rope tied around her waist, then Felicia would’ve missed the person in front of her. 
Due to the thick winter clothing she wore, Felicia wriggled and lost her footing. Normally, she would’ve screamed, but it didn’t emerge this time. 
The good news was that Felicia didn’t fall because there was a hand supporting her waist. 
“Are you okay?” 
It was In-gong, who often looked back while walking. Unlike the others, his pronunciation was fine, and he didn’t seem tired at all. Felicia leaned against In-gong’s firm arm clad in a thick winter coat. 
"P-Pleasant. Isn’t Shutra cold?” 
"Yes.” 
In-gong said, laughing awkwardly. In fact, In-gong didn’t feel any cold right now. His was a body which didn’t feel the cold, heat, or any poisons. 
‘Indeed, Protagonist Body.’ 
However, if In-gong said that he didn’t feel the cold, then he didn’t know what resentment would be poured towards him. 
"Shutra, sustain...” 
Caitlin said with admiration from where she was walking, not far from Felicia. Her stamina was high, but her words couldn’t help being affected by the cold. 
Felicia took a few breaths and tried to leave In-gong’s arms to walk, but it wasn’t easy. She had already lost strength in her legs. 
In-gong supported Felicia’s waist and asked, 
"Do you want a ride?” 
Normally, Felicia would’ve refused, but not this time. She nodded instantly. 
However, just as In-gong was about to raise Felicia to his back... 
There was a banging sound from the side. When he turned his head, he saw a red light which acted as a signal in the snow. 
"I'll be back!" 
In-gong left Felicia to Caitlin and activated Wind Style. He glided over the snow as he heard a loud roar. 
"Yeti!" 
The yeti, which looked like giant gorillas with white fur, were attacking the rear of the party. There were only a few yetis attacking 200 people, but the party’s combat power had fallen greatly due to the frigid conditions. It was a situation where the number of victims could be unimaginable. 
“Kuooh!” 
However, he didn’t need to worry. By the time In-gong arrived, Vandal was already attacking the last of the yetis. In-gong quickly used White Eagle and Black Eagle to help and asked Vandal,
“Vandal, are you okay?” 
“I’m okay, though I moved a little wildly due to the cold.” 
Vandal smiled after smashing the yetis in a flash. In-gong sighed with relief and placed the bodies of the yetis in his inventory. The peeled off fat could be used for a fire and the meat could be eaten, so the corpses would be useful somewhere. 
"Be careful not to sweat.” 
In-gong wondered if it was possible to sweat in this cold weather, but the sweat would be impossible to stop once it started. 
After half a day, the party decided to seek refuge from the cold in a large cave where frost giants resided. Thanks to the help of the Giant King's Sword, they were able to establish a friendly relationship without any bloodshed.  
As soon as they entered the cave, Felicia and Anastasia used magic and spirits to block the entrance of the cave. Although small air holes were present, it was enough to stop the cold. 
Amita sang in front of a large fire ignited with the help of the last flame. The divine power in the green flame could be felt by In-gong’s divinity. 
As the air in the cave warmed up, the environment became more tolerable. Moreover, the 200 people had to stick close to each other, so the heat could be felt. 
'I'm glad I found this cave.’ 
In-gong sighed with relief as he closed his mini-map. In this cold weather, he wouldn’t have been able to relax if they needed to sleep in tents out in the cold. 
"Hah...huh... Prince, is the area beyond the limit line always like this? I suddenly feel a great respect for the barbarians." 
Carack asked after catching his breath. As In-gong took out food from his inventory, he agreed, 
“I guess.” 
It was why the western and eastern barbarians always attacked the limit line. 
However, Anastasia shook her head as she heard their conversation. 
"It isn’t always like this beyond the limit line. The east and west is more livable than this. And... this frigid zone won’t last long.” 
“Is that just your wish?” 
Anastasia stayed silent at Carack’s question. However, it really was the case. 
Everybody’s moods darkened. If this cold persisted, they would be wiped out before even reaching Shutenberg. 
However, fortunately, there was still some hope. 
"Don't worry too much. Princess’ words are correct.” 
"Indara?” 
It was Indara, who was the head of the sura warriors and served as a guide. He reassured them with a confident expression. 
"In around three or four days, the cold will weaken. But... the attack of the creatures will intensify from that point forward.” 
“I would rather fight.” 
Carack answered, and everyone laughed in agreement. 
"The Demon World is really good.” 
Someone muttered suddenly, and In-gong agreed. Compared to beyond the limit line, the Demon World was really decent. 
There were some cases of wastelands like Evian, but the vast majority of the Demon World were areas with livable temperatures and land where crops could be grown. 
After tasting the terrible environment beyond the limit line, everyone nodded while Indara shrugged. 
"It is a legend but originally the Demon World was a very difficult land to live in. It was similar to beyond the limit line.” 
“What are you talking about? There was a legend like that?” 
Felicia, who sounded like a dying chicken, asked with curiosity. Anastasia laughed at Felicia but instantly sat down next to her and used recovery magic. 
Indara took a deep breath before turning to In-gong and asking, 
“Your Highness, do you know the legend of the Red Dragon?”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 205 - Chapter 43: Storm #2
"The legend of the red dragon?" 
It was Anastasia, not In-gong, who asked. It was apparently a completely new story for her. 
Felicia gazed at In-gong from her position next to Anastasia. Similarly, In-gong also looked at Felicia, and the two exchanged glances. 
They didn’t use any message magic as their eyes were sufficient to communicate the message. In-gong gave a small nod, and Felicia responded with a similar nod. 
Indara gazed at Anastasia and Felicia, then he opened his mouth slowly.
“Yes, Your Highness. According to legend, the red dragon destroyed all civilizations in the distant past before the Era of Struggle. He was a type of destruction god.” 
Although he had the power of a god, he hadn’t been a being who walked alongside the gods. Every species had their own myths and legends. 
The destruction and creation of the world appeared in many myths and legends. The concept of a destruction god wasn’t anything new. However, Anastasia was confused by Indara’s story because there was something strange. 
"The destruction of civilization? Not the world?” 
"Yes, the red dragon confronted the elder dragons of that time and both sides were destroyed after a bloody battle. In the process, the civilizations which had been shining brilliantly in the Demon World were destroyed.” 
In-gong and Felicia’s gazes met once again. Apart from them, the other children of the demon king showed interest in Indara’s story. 
Chris, Caitlin, and Silvan were staring with fascinated expressions, but Anastasia frowned. Although she didn’t know as much as Felicia, Anastasia was an excellent magician and knew a lot of ancient knowledge. She frowned because she was reminded of the existence of the indigenous species. 
The cave they were in was big enough to accommodate 200 people at once, but it was still a sealed place. Indara didn’t speak in a loud voice, however, everyone in the cave had no problem hearing his story. 
"As a result of the battle which shook the heavens and earth, the magic flow of the whole Demon World became a mess, and it became a land that suffered from abnormal weather, just like beyond the limit line here. After many years of effort put forth by many people, the Demon World managed to recover and become a place where people can live, but it is hard beyond the limit line because this area still hasn’t recovered.” 
Indara said slowly before catching his breath. Anastasia looked up as she thought about this story. 
“Hrmm, this seems to be the first time I’ve heard this story. Felicia, have you ever heard it?”
Felicia was the best when it came to ancient knowledge. As all eyes focused on her, Felicia shrugged and replied,
“I’ve heard a similar story. When I went to Curtis, I heard the legend about a red serpent god from the giants.” 
The reason for her exchange of gazes with In-gong was to discuss whether they should tell this story. 
“The giants?” 
Anastasia’s eyes widened as she asked again. Felicia nodded before gazing at Indara. 
"The lizardmen told a story that was similar to Indara’s. They... they said that they were a species created by the indigenous species in order to fight against the red serpent god.” 
"Indigenous species... they really exist...” 
It was more of a statement than a question. 
Anastasia frowned and thought deeply before asking Indara,
"Indara, is this a sura legend?” 
“Yes, Your Highness. The story has been handed down among the suras.” 
Indara responded with an aloof expression. Unlike the Sanctuary, this wasn’t a secret. 
'Indeed, it would be surprising if this story was a secret.’ 
The fact that the Four Riders of the Apocalypse and Drakon Kechatulla didn’t appear in the story meant that it was quite simplified. 
"That... can I ask you one thing?” 
Carack asked, raising his hand abruptly. Indara didn’t think that an orc would ask a question instead of the royal children, so he was confused for a moment. 
“Feel free to ask.” 
Carack was In-gong’s aide, so Indara didn’t object as he was basically a person from outside the Demon King’s Palace. 
Carack’s eyes shook as he spoke,
"You said that people worked to help the Demon World recover? Are those people the guardians?” 
“Are you talking about how the lands became devastated after the guardians disappeared?” 
It was Chris who had remained silent until now. Carack nodded straight away. 
“Yes.” 
It was the reason why the children of the demon king were being dispatched to several places around the Demon World. The lands which had lost their guardians had become deserts and were now uninhabitable. 
This mainly took place on the borders, but it happened in so many places that it was a well known story in the Demon World. Indara nodded like he had also heard about it. 
"It is possible.” 
“Enger Plains.” 
Felicia said suddenly. As everyone’s eyes gathered on her, Felicia took a breath and chanted a spell. Then a large and translucent sphere covered the place where the children of the demon king were sitting. 
It was a magic shield which was used to block sounds from leaking. 
As Felicia opened the shield, everyone’s eyes sharpened. Felicia looked at In-gong and said, 
“Shutra, isn’t that the reason we fought to protect Green Wind on Enger Plains? If Green Wind or the small temple was destroyed, then Enger Plains will lose its greenery.” 
Only Felicia had been with In-gong at Enger Plains, even though she hadn’t participated in the fight to protect Green Wind and the small temple. 
However, it wasn’t important whether she fought or not. 
They quickly understood what Felicia was talking about. 
"If this story explains the ultimate goal of the group with the purple aura that is attacking the Demon World... do they want to turn the Demon World into an area like the limit line?” 
Chris growled ferociously as he spoke. 
It made sense. All of the demon king’s children, except for Felicia, didn’t know everything about the Four Knights of the Apocalypse. If the whole Demon World became like beyond the limit line, then their goal could be achieved to a certain extent. 
‘But...’ 
In-gong couldn’t help feeling like something was lacking. If that was the purpose of the Death Knight and War Knight, then they should’ve attacked the guardians more extensively. 
“Does Green Wind know anything else?” 
Felicia asked In-gong, who shook his head. In-gong had already talked to Green Wind about this a few times. 
In-gong asked Indara instead, 
"Indara, do you know anything else?” 
“The story about the red dragon is rarely passed down. But the sword duke... I’m not sure but he might know a little bit more.” 
Indara replied solemnly since this was the first time he had heard about Enger Plains. Anastasia focused on Indara and said, 
"It is worth checking out, Indara. It was a good story.” 
"Thank you, Your Highness.” 
Once it was all over, Felicia took down the anti-eavesdropping shield. The reason for opening the shield in the first place was due to the part about Enger Plains losing its greenery if the small temple disappeared. If this information spread, something big could happen in Enger Plains. 
Once the shield disappeared, the people in the vicinity wondered about what was spoken, but they didn’t say anything. It was the royal family who opened the shield, so they didn’t think too deeply about what had been spoken.
They consumed dry meat and hot water from In-gong’s inventory before falling into a deep sleep against each other. Even the ogres prioritized sleep over the meal, indicating how harsh today’s march was. 
Felicia, who didn’t have the stamina of an ogre, also tried to fall asleep, but it wasn’t easy. Anastasia leaned against Felicia in her thick winter clothes and asked, 
"Felicia, did you explore the ruin in Curtis with Shutra?” 
Felicia responded in a small voice,
"Yes, we went to the holy place of the lizardmen.” 
The lizardmen hadn’t told them not to talk about visiting the temple. Anastasia laughed and leaned against Felicia even more. 
"That must have been good.” 
Anastasia was just thinking about how much Felicia loved ruins, but Felicia’s reaction was amusing. 
“Eh? Yes. G-Good. T-That... we were also with Carack and Delia. The two of us were hardly ever alone. Oh, but the fireworks were good.” 
Anastasia’s eyes lit up at the unexpected babbling. Why was Felicia responding like this? Additionally, the center of the story was In-gong, not the ruin. 
“Felicia?” 
“Huh?” 
"Your reaction is a little... Isn’t it unusual?” 
Anastasia asked, and Felicia swallowed hard. Suddenly, she regained her spirit. 
"Ah, no. It’s just...” 
Felicia trailed off, avoiding Anastasia’s eyes. Then Carack raised a hand to In-gong’s shoulder, who was sitting not far away and listening to their conversation. 
"Prince, laughing will make her feel worse.” 
"Hmm, hmm.” 
In-gong tried to fix his expression, but he couldn’t help smiling. Felicia’s reaction was very cute, but something was tickling at a corner of his heart. 
'Ah, it is embarrassing.’ 
In-gong recalled Caitlin’s and Felicia’s reactions on the day his birth secret had been revealed, and his smile grew wider. This truly was very sweet. 
Carack looked at In-gong and clicked his tongue. At that time, Anastasia shifted her suspicious eyes from Felicia to In-gong. 
"Shutra, what have you done to Felicia? What have you done since then?” 
“Unni!” 
It was almost the same question as 3rd Queen Sylvia’s. As Felicia and In-gong remained silent, Anastasia’s suspicions grew even more. 
Then Caitlin, who was watching the conversation, sat down beside In-gong and said in a small voice,
"I also want to watch the fireworks with Shutra.” 
The way she moved her fingers while saying it was also very cute. While In-gong was suffering an attack once again, Chris laughed and raised a hand to Caitlin’s shoulder. 
"Caitlin, once we return, I will prepare a big fireworks display.” 
"Really?" 
"Really.” 
Chris smiled very gently. His smile was more like a father than a brother. 
“Oppa is the best!” 
Unlike Felicia and Anastasia who had used up all their stamina, Caitlin was still energetic. She smiled widely at Chris, painting a really warm scene. 
However, someone else was watching Caitlin and Chris with jealousy instead of warmth. 
“Felicia! This Oppa as well!” 
"Ah, come on!” 
However, Felicia didn’t have any stamina to fend off Silvan. So, she was forced to stay in Silvan’s arms. 
Anastasia stared at Felician and Silvan, and then at Chris and Caitlin. A bitter smile appeared on her face. She thought it was unsightly, yet she was also filled with envy. 
While everyone else was resting, the royal children were making a fuss, and it was the aides who ended up suffering. 
Carack, with the help of Delia, Seira, Sepira, and Chandra, managed to restrain the royal children, and the atmosphere soon quieted down. 
"Everything is good, so do you have to sleep like this?” 
It would be nice if he was next to Felicia and Caitlin. 
As In-gong spoke, Carack replied with a sour expression from next to him,
"Prince, I also want to sleep next to Seira, Delia, and Karma again.” 
It wasn’t just one person… and he said ‘again’. 
In-gong was just glad that Carack hadn’t mentioned Daphne or Sepira. 
“Now, Prince, come this way. Prince smells really good. I will help get rid of the cold.” 
Carack laughed with a really creepy expression. Despite knowing that he was joking, In-gong couldn’t help shuddering. 
After Carack laughed one last time, the cave fell silent. 
Some time passed by, and In-gong woke up abruptly from a deep sleep. Aside from Amita’s flames, the inside of the cave was still dark, and everyone’s breathing was calm. From the entrance of the cave, the sound of wind could be heard through the small holes in the magic shield. 
It was the same as before he had fallen asleep, but In-gong felt goose bumps. While everyone was sleeping, In-gong looked up at the ceiling. 
He could feel a vibration, and tiny flakes of rock were falling from the ceiling. 
The moment In-gong took a deep breath, the vibration was amplified. 
Then he felt a sudden change. In-gong shot up from his spot, and Carack opened his eyes. 
The vibration became bigger, and large debris began to fall. Suddenly, In-gong shouted. 
Kwang!
With a loud roar, cracking sounds rang out all over the ceilings and walls. 
It was at this moment that the cave collapsed with one final roar as rocks, snow, and water poured down from the sky on to top of everyone’s heads. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 206 - Chapter 43: Storm #3
The ceiling of the cave was high, while the frost giants had an average height of eight meters. 
The difference was very short, but it caused a gap. Even that short amount of time was precious for In-gong. 
He was already facing the ceiling. So, as Amita’s flames illuminated the falling rocks, In-gong used Telekinesis. The power stretched out over everyone’s heads, and the falling rocks were caught in the air. 
It was three or four seconds, but that time was enough to save everyone’s lives. 
“Kuraha!” 
Carack let out a battle cry. The people, who hadn’t woken when the ceiling began to collapse, opened their eyes at his call, and they quickly regained their spirits. 
In-gong stopped using Telekinesis, then the rocks started falling again. Almost everyone who had woken up reacted to it. 
Kwakakakang!
Vandal, the ogres, and the golems aimed their fists at the ceiling. The sura moved their swords quickly, while the dark elves randomly fired off magic power. 
The large rocks were broken and split into small stones. Simultaneously, the lycanthropes used Beast Form and embraced the other species in order to act as a shield against the fragments. 
The shock continued. Sharp shards stuck into the backs of the lycanthropes while the ground shook as large debris crashed down. However, in the midst of all this, there was a sharp scream. Felicia, who had been in Anastasia and Silvan’s arms, sighed with relief as the ceiling stopped collapsing. 
However, there was no time to rest. As soon as the cave collapsed, the cold entered. Moreover, there were things pouring down from the sky which couldn’t be smashed like the rocks. 
Hwakak!
It was an understatement to call it a heavy rain; it was like large water buckets were pouring down on them from the sky. 
For a moment, everybody didn’t breathe. It was hard to even open their eyes due to the sudden rain. 
After a few more seconds, the rain was over. Water had poured down from a high place, but no one was injured. At most, some people swallowed the water, but that was fine because it wasn’t mixed with poison. 
However, there was a different problem. They were in a place beyond the limit line—a fearsome frigid land. 
Everybody grabbed their chest, which filled with a cold air that seemed to freeze their lungs. The bigger issue was that their whole body was wet. The wind, which seemed to cut at their flesh, threatened their lives. 
The lycanthropes, whose clothes were torn, were knocked down first due to their transformed bodies. Their wet fur quickly froze, and the body temperature of the lycanthropes lowered sharply. 
The blizzard entered into the cave. The muddy floor froze over, and the dark elves, crushed by the weight of the lycanthropes, could barely breathe. 
Vandal couldn’t make a decision. He was a senior general of the Demon King’s Palace. However, this was the first time he had encountered a battlefield like this, so he couldn’t decide if it was better to take off the wet clothes or to just wear it. 
His body was heavy, and the white blizzard darkened his field of view. 
Anastasia trembled. The moment she saw the falling rocks, she had covered Felicia’s head without thinking. Thanks to the fact that she and Silvan had done it at the same time, Felicia wasn’t injured by the rocks, but the problem was the water and the cold. Anastasia’s long and beautiful eyelashes were now frozen. 
Felicia gasped from underneath Anastasia and Silvan. As she lay underneath them, she gazed at the blizzard in the sky and saw a magic spell. It was clear that the water, which had poured down from nowhere, was due to transformation magic. 
She exhaled. It wasn’t enough to produce a breath of white mist, but the breath coming from her throat seemed to freeze. Despite this, she was activating her magic power, so her spirit felt better. It was an extremely dangerous situation. If her body temperature kept lowering like this, she would die before even fighting. 
Felicia tried desperately to move her lips. Anastasia was also reciting a spell. 
They had to block the wind and snowstorm somehow. The next thing was to create heat to increase their body temperature again. 
However, the one who poured the water on them didn’t give them this time. From the sky, death poured down directly. They were icicles as sharp as knives. 
In-gong got up from the ground and shouted as he pulled the Giant King's Sword from his inventory. 
“Green Wind!” 
It wasn’t a simple call but an order for an upgrade. In-gong used Telekinesis to rotate the Giant King's Sword fiercely, and it destroyed the icicles. Meanwhile, Green Wind appeared as the goddess of wind behind In-gong, sharing her consciousness with him as she used her wind. 
Chukwakakakak!
The fragments of the shattered icicles were pushed back up in the sky, and they glistened like stars. 
“Kuha!” 
In-gong’s breath poured out. Protagonist Body increased his resistance to the cold, but he wasn’t immune to it. As the cold seemed to penetrate deep into his lungs, In-gong gazed up at the sky. In the center of the magic blizzard, he saw a woman. 
It was the first time he had seen her, but In-gong knew who she was. It was Frost Queen Yosarina, a close confidant of Arch Lich Shutenberg. 
She was a powerful magician who could use various ice spells while wearing thick ice armour around her body. The presence of one of Shutenberg’s swords meant that this attack wasn’t a coincidence. 
Shutenberg had already noticed the march of In-gong’s group and had dispatched Frost Queen Yosarina to this cold land in order to stop In-gong’s party. 
Chris had talked about a diversion attack, while the sword duke had said that both groups were important. 
The Frost Queen Yosarina had moved, so both of them were correct. 
In-gong had been too distracted by the cold. Shutenberg didn’t rule over the whole area beyond the limit line, so In-gong had thought the snowstorm would cover their march. However, this was a mistake; the party was already in Shutenberg’s area. 
Yosarina raised her hand in the sky. The armour around her made the frost queen look like a five-meter-tall giant. 
A new sound was heard over the wind. It was a low and scary cry, followed by numerous heavy footsteps pounding against the ground. 
Green Wind, who maintained the barrier of wind, looked around with an uneasy expression. The sounds were coming from beyond the blizzard. Those who encircled the cave were advancing little by little. 
Ice golems, crazy ice spirits, undead yeti and frost giants... 
Yosarina’s ice corps numbered in the hundreds, maybe even thousands. In-gong opened the mini-map reflexively and saw that it was filled with red dots. 
Someone needed to fight. The 200 elites In-gong led weren’t capable of fighting right now. He had to earn time until they could fight again. 
Yosarina raised her hand again and started drawing a new magic circle at her fingertips. 
In-gong had to stop Yosarina. 
“Spiritualism!” 
He cried out, and power filled him. Yosarina paused while making the magic circle and looked at In-gong for a moment. 
In-gong used Wind Style to move forward, while simultaneously, he shouted again, 
“Caitlin!” 
It was a choice he made in that moment. The light of Conquest wound around Caitlin who was in Chris’ arms, and she cried out angrily from inside the white light. 
Caitlin was receiving an upgrade to an apostle. 
In-gong didn’t look back as he rushed at Yosarina. The crazy ice spirits floating around Yosarina headed towards In-gong, and Yosarina started casting her magic faster. 
The frost corps surrounding the party sped up. There were even those who started running. 
The floor rang out with loud thuds. Carack gave a battle cry, while Vandal and the ogres lifted their weapons. The dark elves used magic to heal the lycanthropes desperately, while the sura moaned painfully as they raised their swords. 
Felicia’s and Anastasia’s spells completed at the same time. A barrier of fire surrounded the party while the magic of recovery covered everyone. 
Caitlin raised her head and revealed fangs through blue hair. Her eyes were reminiscent of an extremely wild beast hunting its prey. 
The Fire Barrier weakened, and In-gong shattered the ice spirits. 
Then White Eagle struck Yosarina’s armour. Part of her armour broke, but Yosarina didn’t stop moving her hand. 
Her magic circle was now complete, and In-gong prepared for water pouring on him again. However, this magic was different from the first one. 
Fire Barrier turned off. Then Yosarina looked at the party and not at In-gong. The lycanthropes sensed it, and they quickly grabbed the dark elves near them. Caitlin grabbed Felicia and Anastasia, while Chris cursed. 
An ominous sound rang out from the ground. 
Felicia and Anastasia turned white as they looked at the ground. 
Kwakakakang!
The ground broke apart. There was a loud vibration as a giant monster emerged from the ground. It was a frost worm covered with sharp thorns. 
Its body length was dozens of meters and its head was large enough to swallow a few people. 
Dozens of people were caught when the frost worm rose up. Many more fell to the ground. 
The cold hit everyone again, and the frost corps finally arrived just before the party. 
The frost worm shook. The weight of its body striking the ground was enough to cause damage. There were those who couldn’t escape and were crushed, while others fell again due to the shaking of the ground. Simultaneously, some others were attacked by the frost corps. 
Yosarina burst out laughing. It seemed like her laughter made the blizzard even stronger. 
They needed a solution. In-gong needed to break through this situation. 
He focused his thoughts, and the fire received from the last flame covered his whole body. In-gong needed to leave the frost worm and frost corps to those on the ground, and concentrate only on Yosarina. Only then would they be able to overcome this situation.
Then at that very moment...
In-gong felt an unbearable impulse to look behind him. Beyond the red dots on the mini-map, someone was rushing there.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 207 - Chapter 43: Storm #4
It was still far off into the distance. This was the first time In-gong had felt that energy. 
However, it felt familiar to him. He could naturally recall the names of those approaching from afar at a terrific pace. 
Kwang!
The ground split again as the frost worm hit the ground with its huge body once more. It was like a giant tower crashing down. 
Once again, there were those who couldn’t escape. Their bodies and blood froze instantly after becoming injured. 
However, because of his senses, honed through many battlefields, Vandal didn’t look back. Instead of heading towards the frost worm, he rushed towards the frost corps. The independent army he had trained did the same, and the battlefield itself widened. 
“G-General Vandal?” 
"Stay close behind me!” 
Vandal said to Nayatra, who was clinging to his back, causing her to form two fists. He rushed like a tank towards the frost corps and zombies, smashing into them and making the battlefield wider. 
The center of the battle moved away from the frost worm. Then Nayatra used secondary magic from behind Vandal, while he watched the front. He had a hunch that something would happen in the rear. 
He wouldn’t be the one dealing with the frost worm. There were separate people assigned to that role. 
The blizzard was strong. After pushing out from the ground, the frost worm once again straightened its body. 
Chris cursed inwardly and roared loudly. His command, which spread clearly though the snowstorm, was in line with Vandal’s behaviour. It was a command to rush to the frost corps instead of the frost worm. 
Immediately after giving the command, Chris turned around. Just like Vandal, his role wasn’t to deal with the frost worm. 
He didn’t say anything and simply turned around, exchanging a gaze with someone. 
Silvan stared at the frost worm. His open fairy glowed golden, and a strong magic power was surrounding Amita’s sword. 
It was clear that the power seemed to be under control. 
"Chris!" 
Felicia shouted. Rather than responding, Chris nodded to Caitlin, who was standing near Felicia and Anastasia. Caitlin understood immediately and sprang forward with an angry growl. 
“Let’s go! Noonim!” 
Chris grabbed Felicia’s and Anastasia’s waists and moved at a high speed. Anastasia gave a short scream. Although she wanted to grumble about his rough treatment, her lips were already moving to cast a spell. 
As Chris dug through the frost corps, Felicia’s and Anastasia’s magic swept through the frost corps. The three of them seemed like a moving turret. 
“Silvan!” 
Felicia shouted in the midst of the snowstorm. Her voice didn’t have the power to break through the storm, but it reached him clearly. Silvan smiled as he shone with the light of the fairy and charged towards a frost worm. 
Caitlin ran next to Silvan. This was the first time the two had fought closely on a battlefield. However, Caitlin and Silvan understood each other with their eyes. Both were trained warriors, so they could see what the other person wanted. 
Caitlin outpaced Silvan. She turned hastily, brought both hands together and lowered her posture. Silvan leaped towards Caitlin’s hands, and as soon as his feet touched her, Caitlin lifted Silvan up with all her strength. 
Silvan flew forward. He broke through the snow and raised Amita’s sword up high. The frost worm’s dozens of eyes turned toward him. 
Chukwakakak!
Dozens of thorns, which had been covering the frost worm’s body, flew toward Silvan. Instead of squatting, Silvan turned his body in the air. He swung Amita’s sword around, and the magic power in the blade erased the thorns and blizzard at the same time. 
Silvan took a deep breath and focused the magic power of the fairy on Amita’s sword. Like when he fought the Famine Knight, lightning covered Amita’s sword! 
Kwakang!
The lightning tore through the blizzard, and Amita’s sword pierced the body of the frost worm. Lightning bolts scattered all over the place and exploded continuously. Amita’s sword, the lightning sword, split the body of the frost worm apart. The worm’s thick outer skin was torn open and green blood burst out, causing the it to shake and scream. 
However, the speed in which it was attacked was faster. Silvan, who had created an enormous wound more than 10 meters wide, pulled the sword out. He kicked against the body of the frost worm and threw himself into the air before wielding his sword again. 
A golden light extended from Amita’s sword and struck the frost worm. The frost worm thrashed around and sprayed thorns at Silvan. 
As the frost worm’s dozens of eyes stared at Silvan, its wounds grew wider and green blood continued to leak out. 
Silvan took a deep breath again. It felt like his lungs were freezing from the cold, but his mind was clear. He changed his body position by somersaulting in the air while panting. At that moment, Caitlin moved between Silvan and the frost worm. 
She was like a white meteor blazing through the sky. During the time in which Silvan had been injuring the frost worm, Caitlin had gathered a lot of aura and didn’t hesitate to fly into the wound. Instead of closing her eyes against the sticky green fluid, she moved straight ahead, and the Starlight Core responded to the amplification of power from the apostle upgrade. 
Caitlin didn’t punch out. Instead, she exploded with a strong aura from all over her body. 
Kwang!
The was a loud roar, and the frost worm’s body swelled up like a snake bloating after swallowing a large amount of food. 
That was the end of the frost worm. Without even a scream, the frost worm finally collapsed. 
Silvan lowered the speed of his fall using magic power and settled on the ground at almost the same time as the frost worm. Caitlin, covered in a white light, emerged from the frost worm’s wound. Her hair, soaring upwards like a flame, was impressive, but the sight of her torn winter clothes and the green fluid covering her body made Silvan sad. 
However, Caitlin was used to being covered with the enemy’s blood on the battlefield. So, she just looked toward the sky, where the battle between In-gong and Yosarina was in full swing. 
Kwang!
 
Kwang!
 
Kwang!
There were several explosions, and the ice pieces scattered. Then Yosarina attacked In-gong with an ice storm. Huge ice blades made from magic were aimed at him from all directions. There were so many that In-gong would be torn into pieces if they struck. However, In-gong used his divinity to destroy all the ice blades and narrowed the distance to Yosarina. White Eagle, the Alpha and Beta Black Eagle, and the Giant King’s Sword wandered around In-gong, crushing everything which headed toward him. 
Finally, In-gong and Yosarina collided. Ice crawled over Yosarina and thickened the ice armour around her. She smiled as she endured the attacks of White Eagle, Black Eagle and the Giant King’s Sword. 
The frost queen’s armour was invincible in the cold. As long as Yosarina was in this armour, she was safe. Moreover, she still had many things remaining which she had prepared. 
Yosarina didn’t think she could finish In-gong with the ice blades, but time was on her side. How long could those down below survive in this frigid cold? Every minute and second was precious as 9th Prince and his followers headed for their deaths. 
However, Yosarina wasn’t just buying time, and the reason why she didn’t care about the death of the frost worm was clear. 
The ground shook again. There were big cracks in several places of fighting, and frost worms extended their heads out of the ground. Then the ground quaked with wild tremors as though the frost worms wanted to wipe out all the frost corps as well as the troops In-gong led. 
As screams of horror and death occurred all over the place, Nayatra closed her eyes tightly and buried her head into Vandal’s neck. Felicia’s lips were blue from the cold, while Silvan and Caitlin looked at each other. 
Yosarina sat happily in her thick armour. She had expected In-gong to retreat to save his troops or not be able to concentrate due to worrying about the ground. 
However, his reaction was neither one of those. Rather than looking at the ground, In-gong struck the frost queen’s armour with the Giant King's Sword which was filled with a strong aura! 
A part of the armour split, and as the ice broke, cracks formed around the point which had been struck. 
Yosarina panicked. Did the 9th Prince have the same mentality as 2nd Prince, unlike the information she received? Why didn’t he look back once? 
The reason was simple, and it wasn’t because In-gong was cold-hearted. 
They had finally arrived. On the mini-map, the purple dots, which meant neutrality, shone. 
Silvan and Caitlin, who were rushing towards the frost worms, slowed down for some reason. Felicia and Anastasia stopped using magic and looked up at the sky blankly. 
Then at that moment... 
The blizzard stopped, and the wind subsided. There were no clouds in the clear sky. 
It was only for this battlefield, like a glass wall had been built up and the blizzard raged outside it. 
This was climate manipulation... 
The power of divine magic. Only two people in the world could use divine magic to this extent: 
Dark Saintess Altesia, who received the favour of Erebos, the god of darkness; a
nd Saintess Beatrice, who was called the incarnation of Mother Earth. 
It wasn’t Altesia. It was Beatrice. The gold cross in the clear sky showed this. 
There was one more thing... 
One more fact which proved it was Beatrice! 
A huge sword of light, made from amassed aura, pierced a frost worm. 
The name of the sword was the Warrior’s Sword. It was something which only Warrior Locke could use. 
The sword of light exploded and scattered the aura. The frost worm fell with a shriek, and the Warrior’s Sword crossed the air. It moved quickly past In-gong and struck Yosarina. 
The upper part of the frost queen’s armour was now broken. Yosarina screamed, and In-gong rose up into the air instead of following Yosarina or looking back.
Warrior Locke had appeared. In-gong didn’t know why he was encountering Locke in a place like this, but Locke was a powerful ally. This was proven by the fact that he attacked Yosarina and the frost worm instead of In-gong and his companions. 
Warrior Locke moved near In-gong, using the sword given by Guardian Queian to pressure Yosarina. Yosarina restored the ice armour hurriedly and shot out ice blades, but Locke faced them head on without retreating. Every time his sword flashed, dozens of ice blades were smashed. 
‘Master.’ 
Green Wind whispered from within White Eagle. In-gong understood the meaning of her short call. The climate manipulation was only temporary. No matter how great Beactrice’s divine power was, it was unreasonable to completely remove the cold from this area. 
In the cold, Yosarina’s defense was beyond imagination. However, even without the cold, the armour could still survive the Warrior’s Sword. 
In-gong needed to knock Yosarina down before the climate manipulation was lifted. Once the cold returned, everyone with already lowered body temperatures wouldn’t be able to last much longer. Even In-gong was affected by the cold as he confronted Yosarina, and his stamina was already low. 
Taking deep breaths, In-gong swallowed the cold air anyway as he concentrated on Earth Quaker. 
The fairy embedded in it started to emit a strong magic power in response to him. In-gong didn’t stop there and squeezed out all the aura from his aura heart. 
It wasn’t the power which had destroyed the fairy king. This was now something else entirely. 
In-gong remembered the sun he had encountered in a ruin of the indigenous species. The power of divinity, aura, and magic power gathered together, and the image was realized through Dragon Words. 
Those fighting on the ground looked up at the sky with no conscious reason. 
Then Felicia laughed like it was ridiculous, while Anastasia shook her head and muttered, ‘Shutra.’ 
Carack felt warm. Chris and Silvan forgot to fight, while Caitlin, who had been staring at the frost worms with fearsome eyes, cried out with a mixture of confusion and joy. 
“A-Amazing.” 
Locke felt the warmth above his head as well. He laughed while cornering Yosarina, who looked up at the sky from within her armour and felt fearful. 
The sun shone brightly in the sky. 
It was a 30-meter-wide mass of power which glowed with a white light. 
In-gong formed a fist, and the white woman in his soul whispered. Green Wind embraced In-gong and delivered her strength. 
The sun was compressed, and the sphere became a large spear. As it emitted flames which were hotter than a furnace, In-gong manipulated it using Telekinesis. 
Yosarina tried to escape, but Locke didn’t allow it. He called several huge swords of light to stop her retreat and used divine magic to interfere with Yosarina’s movements. 
As Yosarina shrieked, the sun spear crossed the air. Yosarina moved her body to try and avoid the sun spear, but it was manipulated by Telekinesis. In response to Yosarina’s movement, the tip of the sun spear shifted, and the gigantic mass of heat melted the frost armour, piercing Yosarina’s chest! 
There was no screaming. The spear pierced Yosarina’s chest, and she took her last breath in the armour. With her emerald hair, she became a piece of ice, and the frost armour around her shattered and scattered. 
[Your level has risen.] 
In-gong closed his eyes and panted heavily. Although his stamina was restored, the sweat still remained on his body. However, In-gong didn’t reveal his difficulties. He opened his eyes and gazed at the face in front of him. 
“The Drakon Kechatulla created by the Demon World.” 
It was the face of Warrior Locke, a protagonist of Knight Saga. He was the new Drakon Kechatulla raised by Guardian Queian. 
The owner of the Warrior’s Sword held out his right hand as if he wanted In-gong to shake it. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 208 - Chapter 43: Storm #5
In Knight Saga, it wasn’t until Year 514 that Warrior Locke went on his adventure. It was currently Year 513. So, according to Knight Saga, Locke was supposed to be staying at the temple right now. 
It might have been due to In-gong, but many things had already changed from Knight Saga. Still, he had never thought he would encounter Locke in this place. 
In Knight Saga, Locke was the mighty warrior who defended the Human World from the demon king’s army. Due to that, In-gong hadn’t thought of him as a possibly ally. 
'The demon king’s army hasn’t invaded the Human World yet.’ 
Recorder Torres had said there was another Drakon Kechatulla. In-gong knew it the moment he saw Locke; In-gong could feel the strong aura of a dragon from Locke. 
Moreover, Warrior Locke had called In-gong the Drakon Kechatulla of the Demon World. His gaze was filled with a strong curiosity rather than enmity, and he had a bright smile which was filled with confidence. 
‘I wonder if he is an ally.’ 
Locke had attacked Yosarina and not In-gong’s party. Additionally, the climate manipulation magic was also being used for In-gong’s party. 
In-gong took a deep breath. He was too far away to shake hands, so he decided to respond in a similar manner to Locke. 
In-gong greeted, “The Human World’s Drakon Kechatulla.” 
Locke’s eyes shone brilliantly, and his smile widened. 
It was at this moment that... 
‘Master! The fight hasn’t ended yet!’ 
Green Wind cried out to In-gong. It was just as Green Wind said. Frost Queen Yosarina had been defeated, but there were still three frost worms and the frost corps. There was still a battle on the ground. 
"Shall we clean this up first?” 
“Indeed.” 
It was Locke who spoke first. In-gong then responded as he gazed at the ground, and Locke drew his sword again. The two people crossed by each other like a promise had just been made. 
As In-gong flew toward the nearest frost worm, Green Wind whispered in his ears, 
'Master, I dislike that person.’ 
“Why?” 
Did she feel something? She might have discovered something that In-gong hadn’t. 
Green Wind went on to respond to In-gong’s question with a slightly petulant voice. Although she wasn’t in a solid state, In-gong could imagine clearly what Green Wind looked like as she spoke. 
'I just don’t like him. He feels similar to Master. But Master is much greater.’ 
She didn’t like him because he gave off a similar feeling to In-gong. Did she think he was like a fake? 
Anyway, he understood what Green Wind was talking about. They were both Drakon Kechatullas. Maybe there was more that they had in common. 
"Anyway, let’s hurry!” 
‘I understand, Master.’ 
Green Wind hugged In-gong. With the strong wind blowing around him, In-gong flew into the mouth of a frost worm. He was going to imitate Caitlin’s actions he had seen during the fight against Yosarina.
After swallowing In-gong, the frost worm wriggled and then swelled up like a balloon. Its skin was so durable that it didn’t shatter, but that didn’t matter. The internal organs had exploded, so the frost worm slowly collapsed. 
In-gong flew out of the mouth of the frost worm as it fell. Thanks to the strong wind blowing around him, he managed to escape from the body of the frost worm without any blood on him. 
Before shifting his gaze, In-gong instinctively shook his body. The attack had been an extreme way of consuming aura, but the time efficiency was obvious, so he planned to do it with the next frost worm. F
ortunately, there was no need for In-gong to do so. Not far away from where he was, one of the frost worms swelled like a balloon before exploding. Silvan and Caitlin had taken care of another one in the same way. 
"Prince!” 
“Carack!” 
It was Carack who ran up behind him. Carack had fought hard with a spear since his axe was frozen with liquid.
As Carack sighed with relief to see In-gong safe, In-gong checked the mini-map. Due to the death of a large number of frost corps and Yosarina, the battle was flowing in a favourable direction. Based on this scene, clean-up would be easy. 
After confirming the safety of Anastasia and Chris, who weren’t part of the King’s Knights, In-gong ran toward the newly defeated frost worm. Unlike In-gong, Caitlin exited from a wound in the stomach which was around 10 meters long. 
“Shutra.” 
Caitlin laughed when she saw In-gong. However, unlike In-gong, Caitlin didn’t have Green Wind, so her body was covered with green fluids. At the moment in which her aura had exploded, her winter clothes had already been extremely damaged. 
“Noona, are you okay?” 
Caitlin blinked at In-gong’s reflexive question. As always, she nodded and replied, 
“Yes, it isn’t my blood.” 
“Y-Yes.” 
It wasn’t blood but sticky green mucus. Caitlin’s answer was lacking in focus, but she seemed unharmed. Thanks to the power of Conquest, she didn’t feel the cold immediately. 
"Prince, giver her some towels.” 
Carack said after running over belatedly. In-gong took some towels from his inventory and handed them to Caitlin. Seira couldn’t be seen because she was fighting in Beast Form. 
As Caitlin wiped her face with the towel, a welcome voice was heard from behind him. 
“Shutra!” 
“Felicia noona.” 
Felicia, who came running up with Delia, sighed with relief when she saw In-gong. Her complexion was pale and her lips were blue. Unlike Caitlin, she seemed to be greatly affected by the cold. 
"Are you okay?” 
“I-I’m fine. Rather, Shutra, what is going on? Do you know these people?” 
Felicia turned and pointed to the last frost worm. Locke was standing in front of a frost worm which collapsed with a spray of blood. 
In-gong moved his gaze a little further. Looking at the center of the climate manipulated area, there were two more familiar faces... 
The Saintess Beatrice and Mercenary King Carlov. 
Just like how Nayatra and Vandal were Zephyr’s subordinates, Beatrice and Carlov were Locke’s most powerful companions. 
“Perhaps.” 
In-gong replied as he turned his attention back to Locke. As though he was reacting to In-gong, Locke also turned toward this side. 
&  
The dead and those who suffered serious injuries numbered around 30, which was less than two-tenths the total force of 200. 
It wasn’t a small number, but considering the situation, it was quite good. It was because they were the elites of each species. If they were just normal soldiers of the army, then more than half of them would’ve been killed when the cave collapsed. 
However, In-gong couldn’t rest assured. It was clear that if they didn’t prepare for the cold right now, the number of seriously wounded people would increase. 
Due to this, the party engaged in treating the army before talking with Locke. 
The weather beyond the limit line was a mess because of the disruptions in the flow of magic power. Thanks to Beatrice’s climate manipulation, the flow of magic power in the nearby area was calm. This meant that Felicia and Daphne could summon earth spirits. They created a new cave for the party to avoid the cold. 
Instead of building a new cave in case of an attack, they built an underground tunnel as a shelter and covered any traces with snow. It would be hard to find the presence of the shelter from a distance. 
Beatrice and Carlov were amazed as they saw the large-scale work. It was the first time they had seen something like this using spirits. 
‘Climate manipulation seems much more amazing though.’ 
Heavy snow was piling up everywhere except for where they were. The blizzard was still raging outside the range of the climate manipulation, as though an invisible glass wall had been raised. 
The soldiers not involved in the large scale work or healing the injured gawked at Locke’s party. Locke was also looking at the soldiers. Then Beatrice frowned and asked him, 
"Locke, the warriors of the Demon World... they somehow resemble you.” 
She wasn’t talking about their faces or body shapes. It was the feeling they gave off which resembled Locke. There was someone who perceived something similar on In-gong’s side. 
"He kind of smells like Shutra. But Shutra has a much nicer smell.”
Caitlin sniffed as she looked at Locke’s group. Seira nodded from where she was standing behind Caitlin. 
"It isn’t a similar flavour. This is different... like something else. It is a little strange, but he seems like he would be popular with the opposite sex, like Prince.” 
It really was strange, but In-gong seemed to somehow understand. Maybe Locke had a special ability like Pheromones. 
'Locke was a harem master, unlike Zephyr.’ 
Besides Beatrice, there were a few more girls. 
In-gong suddenly looked at Nayatra, who was treating Vandal. 
“How about it, Nayatra?” 
“Yes? Uh...” 
Rather than sniffing like Caitlin, Nayatra narrowed her eyes and stared at Locke. Then she frowned and came up with a similar answer to Caitlin. 
"Obviously... charming. But Prince is much, much more attractive.” 
“Y-Yes.” 
It was nice but somewhat burdensome to hear the answer. Nayatra was a succubus susceptible to pheromones, so Locke only had weak pheromone ability. 
Then Anastasia finished healing the soldiers and approached. She cocked her head as she heard the group’s words and asked, 
"Shutra, is he another gandharva?” 
Anastasia had heard the story of his scent before. However, she had never seen another gandharva before, so she wasn’t sure if Locke was one. 
Moreover, the lycanthropes, sura, and gandharva looked similar to each other, so it was difficult to distinguish species based just on appearance. 
The others looked at In-gong with curiosity. In-gong hesitated for a moment before replying,
“They are humans.” 
“Humans?” 
Chris was taken aback. It was the first time anyone here had seen a human. 
"They really look just like us.” 
Chris said with admiration, while Caitlin and Anastasia nodded blankly. Even Carack’s eyes were wide with surprise. 
‘Uh, um. This is the difference in point of view.’ 
There were many species here such as orcs, dark elves, succubi, and lycanthropes. 
Locke’s group approached the children of the demon king who were talking, aside from Felicia who was busy building the tunnel. 
Their chatter stopped instantly. Chris moved automatically to protect both Caitlin and Anastasia. Unlike Anastasia, Caitlin grumbled a little bit. Then In-gong stepped in front of Chris and greeted Locke. 
“The Demon World’s Drakon Kechatulla, I have a suggestion.” 
The group reacted in surprise when Locke said Drakon Kechatulla. It was because they had heard the it several times since Curtis. 
The great dragon warrior... 
How did a human know about the lizardmen’s title for In-gong? 
However, In-gong’s answer was even more amazing. 
"The Human World’s Drakon Kechatulla, isn’t it better to introduce ourselves first?” 
It was a stunning answer for everybody but Anastasia. In-gong was the Demon World’s Drakon Kechatulla and the man in front of them was the Human World’s Drakon Kechatulla? 
“Yes.” 
Warrior Locke smiled. His smile was charming even for men. Beatrice sighed and muttered from where she was standing behind him,
"I told you already.” 
"Then I will do it from now on.” 
Locke smiled again before bowing and saying, 
"I am a warrior from the Human World, Locke. These are my colleagues, Light Saintess Beatrice and Mercenary King Carlov.” 
Chris and Anastasia reacted to hearing the words ‘warrior’ and ‘saintess’. Anastasia’s reaction was subtle, but Chris was clearly vigilant as he let out a low growl. 
Locke, Beatrice, and Carlov remained calm like they had expected such reactions. 
However, In-gong raised one hand to restrain Chris and said,
“I am 9th Prince Shutra Ignus. These are my half siblings 4th Princess Anastasia Nekrion, 7th Prince Chris Moonlight, and 8th Princess Caitlin Moonlight.” 
Locke nodded as the children of the demon king were introduced, while Beatrice smiled. She seemed to be curious about the demon king’s children and glanced between Caitlin and Felicia. 
Locke nodded and turned back to In-gong. 
"Prince of the Demon World, I have a suggestion.” 
"What is the suggestion?” 
Was it to fight with them to take down Arch Lich Shutenberg? Or was it a temporary alliance? Political ties between the Human World and Demon World? 
“I want to make a hot spring.” 
“Huh?” 
Locke smiled coolly at In-gong’s confusion. 
&  
"Unni, will this be delicious as well? Shutra is the one who made it.” 
"I-Is that so?”



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 209 - Chapter 43: Storm #6
It was much easier than expected to create a hot spring in the middle of the blizzard. 
Felicia, Daphne, and the other dark elves used earth spirits to create a place for the hot springs. 
It was a huge exaggeration to say it was just making a hole in the ground. They were making a space which would fit 200 people without any pillars, but with dozens of earth spirits being mobilized, that meant the space was able to be created very quickly. 
The next thing they needed was water, which was where Beatrice came in. There was talk about using snow on the ground. However, that was dismissed because the volume would be reduced extremely during the process of converting snow to water. 
Beatrice simply filled the bath with water creation magic. Although both magic and divine power were necessary, this group had a saintess and powerful magicians. 
The next step was to make the water hot. It was the hardest thing to do, but the solution ended up being very simple. 
'Master, this is really convenient. 
'I don’t think this technique was made for this purpose.’ 
As In-gong listened to Green Wind’s whispers, he created a smaller sun. It was around one meter in diameter, much smaller than the sun he had created to destroy Yosarina. However, this size was just right for the purpose. 
As soon as the sun sank into the middle of the bath, the water heated up quickly. 
“Ohh.” 
All the people who wanted to avoid the cold and the snowstorm cried out in admiration. Thanks to the steam rising up, all the air around them was warmed. 
Their group had struggled in the cold weather for a few days, and fatigue had accumulated. So, everyone welcomed the hot bath. 
“Don’t tell me we’ll enter this altogether?” 
Anastasia frowned as she looked at the finished hot spring. It was unfamiliar for her to take a bath with anyone, let alone 200 people. The areas were divided up with rocks, but they were still entering the same water. 
Felicia laughed at Anastasia’s sour face. 
“It can’t be helped. Don’t worry too much.” 
“It is ridiculous, but there is no other option.” 
In-gong couldn’t create a new sun to create a separate hot spring, nor could the royal family order everyone else to wait until they finished bathing. Everyone was suffering from the cold, so Anastasia couldn’t be too conscious of her status in this situation. 
The princesses, led by Anastasia, settled on the edge of the bath. The rocks divided the hot springs into sections. The waterways were connected, but it was virtually an independent space. 
There were the three princesses and their aides, along with Beatrice, meaning there were seven people in this space. 
Caitlin was the first one to enter the bath. Her body shook, and her eyes closed as an expression of happiness appeared on her face. 
Felicia took a seat beside Caitlin, only for Caitlin to suddenly whisper, 
"Unni, will this be delicious as well? Since Shutra is the one who made it.” 
The she gathered some water in her hands. It was water made by divine power, so it was very clear and transparent. 
Shutra had heated up the water. 
It wasn’t just normal hot water; it contained In-gong’s power. So, it was plausible. 
"I-Is that so?” 
Felicia gave a frivolous response before gathering water in her hands like Caitlin. 
“That reminds me... isn’t the smell really great?” 
It really was. The bath gave off a sweet aroma which was very pleasant. 
"Your Highness, this is the feeling of bathing in the finest water.” 
Delia said, and Caitlin nodded in agreement. 
"It seems to make the skin smoother.” 
After hearing those words, Felicia couldn’t help imagining something. She imagined In-gong’s body melting into the hot water little by little. 
As Felicia started imagining things alone, Caitlin sniffed a few times before bringing her tongue to the water collected in both hands. 
"Uhh... somehow, I like it. Is it because of the feeling? It is similar to when I suck Shutra’s finger...” 
"Wait, what do you suck?" 
Felicia exclaimed with surprise. 
‘Suck his finger? When did she do it again?’ 
She was really just like a cat. While Felicia was in shock, Seira laughed and said, 
"Princess, it isn’t good to drink this water.” 
“I know, Seira. The hot spring isn’t Shutra.” 
“That isn’t significant...” 
In the end, it was bath water. The water wasn’t meant to be drunk. 
However, Felicia had to revise her imagination at Caitlin’s words. This was like a large pot containing In-gong and various medicines. 
‘Ah, no. This isn’t it.’ 
Her imagination changed again. She imagined In-gong was inside the nicely scented bath alone. 
‘Then...’ 
She imagined a little more. As a dopey smile appeared on Felicia’s face, Caitlin stared at her and blinked. 
“Unni, you are blushing.” 
Felicia was surprised by the finger poking her arm and said urgently, 
"Ah, no? I didn’t imagine going into a bath with Shutra… hup?!” 
She covered her mouth with both hands, but it was already too late. Caitlin and the aides all stared at Felicia, while Anastasia sighed from where she was watching them calmly. 
"You... do you like Shutra?” 
Of course, Anastasia felt favourable toward In-gong, but it wasn’t to the level of Felicia and Caitlin. 
Anastasia shook her head elegantly and said to Felicia, 
"We aren’t servants but royalty, so marriages are possible. But… aren’t you half siblings? Don’t you know that it is very rare?” 
"Uhh, what...” 
There were occasional intermarriages for various reasons, such as maintaining the purity of blood or their power and fortune. However, it wasn’t recommended. 
Felicia and Caitlin knew such facts. However, the both of them knew something that Anastasia didn’t know, so they couldn’t reply. 
"What are those looks?” 
Anastasia narrowed her eyes. Felicia and Caitlin’s attitudes were suspicious. 
It was at that moment that... 
A small laugh was heard from the right. No one had been talking, so that small laugh became very obvious. 
“I’m sorry.” 
Beatrice stopped laughing and fixed her expression. There were many reasons for her to stay with the princesses, including for them to keep an eye on her. 
"Unni said you are a saintess of the Human World?” 
“Yes, Princess Caitlin.” 
Beatrice responded with a smile to Caitlin’s words. She had been cautious when first entering the bath. However, she felt better after seeing the princesses chatting together. 
Anastasia turned to Beatrice and spoke in a voice which was different from when she talked to Felicia and Caitlin. 
"You must’ve had a hard time coming this far.” 
"It was a mission given to me.” 
Beatrice also showed a different smile to what she gave Caitlin. 
The two people started to talk slowly, while the still recovering Felicia told a good story, instead of a silly joke. 
Left alone, Caitlin started sniffing again, instead of interrupting. She closed her eyes and saw In-gong’s face. 
&  
"How bold.” 
Chris frowned as he shared a bath with the other males, just like the princesses. Carack was lying beside him in the bath with his arms folded. 
However, Locke just replied without any fear. 
"I’m not an enemy. Aren’t you also being very bold?” 
Locke had suggested it, but this was a situation in which everyone were bathing together. Given that Locke and In-gong’s group had only met today, it was an amazing situation even if they had fought together. 
Chris sneered at Locke’s words before speaking again, 
"You’re a warrior from the Human World, a special being born among tens of millions of humans.” 
"That's right, I’m on a business trip right now.” 
There were six people in this bath, and they were In-gong, Chris, Silvan, Carack, Locke, and his companion, Carlov. 
Locke took a deep breath and spoke in a dramatic tone, 
"Like I explained before, I am the Drakon Kechatulla of the Human World. I studied under one of the elder dragons, Guardian Queian. It is my role to keep the battle in the Demon World from spilling over into the Human World.” 
It had already been confirmed by In-gong that the Drakon Kechatullas and elder dragons were related. Therefore, Chris focused on the other part of Locke’s words. 
"Are you afraid that a battle beyond the limit line will spill over to the Human World?” 
Locke shook his head. 
"Arch Lich Shutenberg is clearly powerful, but he isn’t the only enemy. The ultimate reason why the Guardian sent me is to stop the Four Knights of the Apocalypse. That’s why I met up with the Demon World’s Drakon Kechatulla.” 
Locke’s eyes turned to In-gong, and Chris glanced at In-gong as well. 
While In-gong was a Drakon Kechatulla chosen by the elder dragons, he was also a artificial being with the divinity of the gandharvas and a prince of the Demon World. 
These were enough qualifications for him to become the protagonist. 
Chris couldn’t help sighing and looked back at Locke. 
"I believe in Shutra, not you. So, refrain from any suspicious behaviour.” 
"Of course.” 
Locke smiled, and the silent Silvan finally spoke up. 
"Locke, is that a sword from the elder dragon?” 
Locke’s sword was unusual. Locke nodded at Silvan’s question. 
"That's right, the Guardian made it. The Guardian told me to collect all six equipment of the elder dragons.” 
"Then you should give Shutra the Warrior’s Sword. Shutra already has four pieces.” 
Chris said ferociously. Locke shrugged as he stated that he had no intention to hand over the elder dragon’s weapon. 
"I don’t intend to snatch Shutra’s equipment away. We are allies now. We are also both Drakon Kechatullas.” 
There was no selfishness in Locke’s eyes. Then he looked away and continued speaking, 
“Master said that both the War Knight and Death Knight seem to be located in the north. If we knock down Shutenberg and the Knights of the Apocalypse, then my mission is over. After that, I will return to the Human World with Beatrice.” 
"Hey, Locke. What about me?” 
Carlov frowned, but no one focused on his words. Chris’ eyes narrowed as he folded his arms. He had heard the story of the Four Knights of the Apocalypse from In-gong and Felicia. 
"Shutra said that Gerard was the Famine Knight... If the Death Knight and War Knight is in the north, the only one left is the Conquest Knight...” 
"Yes, only the Conquest Knight.” 
Locke agreed as he looked at In-gong. Neither Locke’s expression nor voice seemed odd. 
Rather, Locke reached out his hand to In-gong like he wanted a handshake. 
“Once again, it is nice to meet you, Drakon Kechatulla of the Demon World.” 
The protagonist of the Human World, Warrior Locke... 
In-gong had never imagined that he would encounter Locke this way, but Queian had responded to the actions of the Four Knights of the Apocalypse. 
As a warrior, Locke was certainly a strong ally. Moreover, if he was the same as Locke from Knight Saga, then he would return to the Human World as soon as this was over. 
In-gong looked at Locke’s hand for a moment and laughed. He reached out to shake it and said, 
"Just Shutra is enough.” 
"Then you can just call me Locke.” 
"I was already calling you Locke.” 
“Is that so?” 
Locke laughed again, and In-gong smiled brightly. 
"Naked men are laughing while holding hands.” 
Carack said bluntly, and In-gong and Locke quickly released their hands. 
It was at this moment that... 
"Master." 
He heard a woman’s voice in his ears. Moreover, a very soft and gentle touch was delivered to his body on the skin. 
“G-Greenie?” 
It was Green Wind. As she suddenly appeared in reality, the confused In-gong covered his lower body with both hands. However, it was very obvious because the water was so transparent. 
Green Wind made a puzzled sound. 
"Why are you doing that when I see it every day?” 
Chris and Caracks’ eyebrows raised at Green Wind’s words. In-gong exclaimed hurriedly, 
"Ah, no? And every day? What are you talking about?” 
It truly was news for him. Surely, Green Wind hadn’t been peeking at In-gong every day? 
In-gong had forgotten that Green Wind had been with him 24 hours a day since leaving Enger Plains. 
Carack summed up the situation. 
"Anyway, Guardian, why have you appeared all of a sudden?” 
Green Wind shook her head at the question and said in an urgent voice, 
"Master, the stupid raccoon seems to have drunk too much of the bath water.” 
“Bath water?” 
In-gong got up quickly, put on some clothes, and moved to the place where Amita was. Amita while lying on the ground with a puffed up stomach, while Daphna sighed from next to them. 
“Heavenly Wine... the taste of the Heavenly Wine...” 
There was nothing more to be said. Locke looked at In-gong and asked, 
"A pet?” 
In-gong then returned to his bath instead of answering. 
Then next morning, In-gong’s group marched toward Shutenberg’s castle. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 210 - Chapter 44: Rendezvous
Around 500 years ago, the Demon King’s Palace ended the Era of Struggle and unified the kingdom. 
In the Human World, 500 years was a long time, and they spanned dozens of generations. However, it was different in the Demon world. Like the other species of the Demon World, the demon kings had longevity, so there had only been six demon kings who ruled during the 500 years of history. 
The invincible king, who ended the Era of Struggle, had ruled for the shortest period of time. He had established the Demon King’s Palace and left his position in the 12th year of his reign. 
The first demon king was an old man by the time he set up the palace. It had taken him over 100 years to end the Era of Struggle, so he had led his army for over 100 years. 
The demon king was obviously old, but the decisive reason for his retirement wasn’t age. When considering the lifespan of the sura, the demon king was only middle-aged when he retired and still far from death. 
There was only one reason for the first demon king to step down. 
He had become weaker. The demon king of the second generation had surpassed his strength. 
The second demon king had been the first demon king’s nephew. The first demon king had no children, so it seemed natural for his nephew to rise to his throne. For several species in the Demon World, it was natural for family members to succeed the throne. 
However, the real reason why the second demon king inherited the throne wasn’t because he was the flesh and blood of the first demon king. It was for a much simpler and clearer reason. 
By the time the first demon king stepped down, the second demon king had become the strongest person in the Demon World. 
The second demon king had reigned over the Demon World for over 100 years. The third demon king after him had been the strongest among his children. 
The third king had also ruled for a long time. In the fourth generation, the one who had inherited the title of demon king was his much beloved third daughter. 
However, she hadn’t been the strongest person in the Demon World, as all her predecessors had been. She hadn’t even been the strongest among the children of the demon king. 
She had been able to rise to the throne because the third demon king loved her very much. However, her siblings had then fought and killed each other. 
The one who had ended up becoming the fourth demon king had been the strongest of the remaining siblings, both individually and with the forces behind him. 
The fifth demon king had been the eldest son of the fourth king. He had been the strongest among the children of the demon king but not the strongest person in the Demon World. 
He then became obsessed with the bloodline of the ancient king and made a law that only the children of the queens could inherit the throne among the children of the demon king. The fifth demon king had many concubines, but his queen had been a sura who was his cousin and had been with him since childhood. 
In the fifth generation, the king and queen only had one child. Therefore, the sixth demon king had been able to rise to the position without any competition. 
However, ironically, the sixth demon king was the strongest person in the Demon World, unlike some of his predecessors. 
He was the sura king, Mitra... 
The current demon king. 
&  
The demon king stayed alone in a room covered in darkness. More than 10 years had passed since he left his bedroom in the Black Castle and moved to a place where only the sword duke knew how to approach. 
Among the previous demon kings, Mitra had the largest number of queens and concubines as well as the largest number of children. 
1st Prince Baikal Ragnaros, the eldest of the demon king’s children, was only in his late 20s. In the eyes of the various species in the Demon World, Baikal was still just a child. 
All the children of the demon king were young. Based on the Demon World, the differences in their ages were extremely small. All the children had been born between 30 and 10 years ago. 
That period had also been when the demon king began living with his illness. 
Decades had passed by, and the demon king’s illness hadn’t improved. There had been a period of stagnation, but that was it. 
Unlike his predecessors, the demon king had grown up in the Sanctuary. Therefore, he could understand why the second demon king had inherited the throne from the first demon king. 
The demon king wasn’t the ruler of the Demon World; he was the Demon World’s protector. 
The reason why the strongest person in the Demon World had to become the demon king wasn’t to press everyone else down. 
A clearer reason existed. 
The demon king’s gaze moved away, and he got up in the darkness. 
&  
Arch Lich Shutenberg wasn’t a fool. 
It had been over 1,000 years since he became a lich. In the Era of Struggle, he had been referred to as the Half King. Shutenberg had lived a long life before becoming a lich. 
If he combined all the years he had lived, there were more than 1,000 years. This wasn’t a small number.  
However, he wasn’t the oldest existence. There were those who had lived for much longer in the Demon World. 
Arch Lich Shutenberg thought about one of them, the oldest being in the Demon World. Compared to him, even the elder dragons could be called new. 
A bitter smile appeared on Shutenberg’s skeletal face as he recognized those who were heading towards his realm.
There was Sword Duke Ishgard, an elder of the sura and the one who had taught the demon king...
And 2nd Prince Zephyr Ragnaros, the strongest prince. The day he was born, the dragons had felt a tremor because of how gifted he was. 
There was also Warrior Locke, a miracle born among the hundreds of millions of humans. He was the Drakon Kechatulla raised by Guardian Queian. 
Along with Locke, there was the 9th Prince, Shutra Ignus, the Conquest Knight and the Demon World’s Drakon Kechatulla. He was more dangerous than Zephyr and Warrior Locke. 
Lastly, there were the ones with them as well. All the children of the demon king had come, except for 3rd Prince Victor Nekrion. 
Arch Lich Shutenberg sat back in his throne. They were all gathering in one place. 
&  
As Indara had said, the cold and blizzard became weaker as they proceeded to the north. However, it was still comparable to the coldest region in the Demon World. 
Moreover, as the blizzard and cold weather weakened, the attacks of various creatures increased. The undead created by Shutenberg attacked extensively, and they had to fight several times a day. 
In-gong understood why the sword duke had prepared a small army of elites to advance through the north. Only the elites would be able to march through the north towards Shutenberg’s castle without collapsing of exhaustion. 
They didn’t know when the attacks would come, so they couldn’t afford to make a hot spring like when they had first met Locke. All they could do was eat and sleep in the shelter which Felicia and Daphne kept on making. 
In the midst of the snowstorm, Amita pounded their hammer. Their small raccoon hand was wielding a big hammer with force, but the sound of the wind was so loud that there was no need to worry about the sound leaking out of the shelter. 
“What is it?” 
Amita, who was repairing the weapons destroyed by repeated battles, looked next to them with a frown. Carack smiled and replied from the rock where he was watching Amita, 
“No, you just look like a real craftsman this time. Are you a craftsman? I don’t see the same person who drank bath water until their stomach became sore.”
“Kak!” 
Amita growled angrily, and Carack just laughed. Despite everything else, Amita was genuinely skilled. Moreover, they had started listening to In-gong obediently thanks to the Heavenly Wine. 
‘Prince, you must keep this a secret.’ 
Otherwise, it was clear that Amita would pounce on In-gong in order to get a taste. 
Carack imagined Amita gnawing on In-gong’s fingers and laughed again. The most eye-catching area was the place where the princesses were gathered. 
“Beatrice unni, tell me more stories about the Human World.” 
Beatrice was located between the princesses and their aides. Caitlin had befriended Beatrice over the last few days and now called her ‘unni’. Beatrice wasn’t from the Demon World, so she claimed that the stiff title was needed. 
Anastasia sighed as she looked at Caitlin all over the Human World’s saintess. She liked Beatrice after spending a few days together, but the time was still too short. 
Anastasia was uneasy at the fact that Caitlin seemed to have forsaken all vigilance. 
“Caitlin, don’t play around too much. Shouldn’t you give the Saintess a rest?” 
Caitlin flinched at the reproach, however, Beatrice just smiled slowly. 
“It is okay, Princess Anastasia. It isn’t anything hard to talk about.” 
Anastasia couldn’t say anything in response to that. As she backed away with a disgruntled expression, Caitlin smiled widely and hugged Beatrice. 
"Bea unni, I like you a lot.” 
Beatrice smiled with a pleased expression, and Felicia’s lips distorted as she watched the two people. She felt somehow like she was being deprived of Caitlin. 
Carack laughed at the sight of the princesses playing well and headed towards the entrance of the shelter. It wasn’t just the princesses. The mercenary king and warrior were also mixing well with the troops. Their stories of the strange Human World were welcomed by all. 
After reaching the entrance of the shelter, Carack exited it while lightly greeting the soldier guarding it. It was a mysterious sight to see snowflakes in the sky of the Demon World, but it only caused curses for the last few days. 
“Carack.” 
“Prince.” 
In-gong looked away from where he was staring at the sky and turned toward Carack, who moved toward In-gong in his winter clothes. 
"It is night, so you should rest.” 
“Wait a minute.” 
After stopping Carack, In-gong closed his eyes and took a deep breath. Instead of looking at In-gong, Carack looked up at the sky. There was a small green light shimmering in the distance. 
In-gong was sharing Green Wind’s vision and looking around from a high place. The mini-map was heavily influenced by the user’s actual range of vision. Therefore, the range of the mini-map was widened dramatically when viewed from a high position. 
Then In-gong opened his eyes. Carack recognized that White eagle had begun to descend rapidly from the sky and asked, 
“We aren’t far away?” 
"Yes, we should arrive no later than the day after tomorrow.” 
Arch Lich Shutenberg... 
He wasn’t a big presence in Knight Saga. Shutenberg was powerful, but he was a type of hidden boss who didn’t have a big influence on the story. 
However, in this world, his existence was obviously different. The evidence was that not just In-gong’s involvement but that the sword duke and Zephyr were involved as well. 
In-gong’s mind felt heavier. The children of the demon king were all together, but he still felt worried. 
The Death Knight and War Knight... 
How long would those two remain silent? They were also in the north, so they should be acting. 
His head was cold, but his thoughts were becoming complicated. Carack raised his hand to In-gong’s shoulder. 
“Prince.” 
Carack smiled as In-gong turned to him. 
“Don’t overthink it too much.” 
In-gong couldn’t help smiling in response. 
 “Yes.” 
White Eagle returned, then In-gong looked towards the north. 
&  
As Zephyr sat on the back of Quanta, he looked towards the west from the sky. Due to the snowstorm, it was impossible to see it with the naked eye, but he could tell. 
Shutenberg’s castle wasn’t far. Depending on the enemy’s resistance, they could arrive as early as tomorrow. 
Zephyr closed his eyes and focused his senses. The armour of the elder dragon on his body, Cruel Talia’s Armour, seemed to growl in response to something. 
"Let's go back." 
Zephyr gave a low order, and Quanta headed towards the ground. In the midst of the strong winds, Zephyr once again looked in the direction of Shutenberg’s castle. 
&  
The War Knight spoke. 
Arch Lich Shutenberg could feel it. 
The Death Knight didn’t wait any longer and raised his body from the throne.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 211 - Chapter 44: Rendezvous #2
Time passed by. 
It was a bit longer than a day. 
Each group was moving toward one goal. There were several different movements, with interlocking fights. 
Then it was time... 
Now, there was no turning back. 
&  
1st Prince Baikal Ragnaros took a deep breath as he looked at the castle. The frigid cold beyond the limit line was obviously threatening, but the draconians’ strong bodies had already completely adapted. 
Baikal’s lungs had already stabilized against the cold. The warmth and gentleness which Anastasia liked so much was shining in his eyes. 
There were hundreds of draconian knights by his side. They wore black cloaks and had been with Baikal for over a decade, so they could breathe as one. 
Baikal didn’t know much about Arch Lich Shutenberg. He just knew that Shutenberg was a formidable enemy once called the Half King as well as a powerful lich who had lived since the Era of Struggle. 
However, Baikal thought that was enough. He was just an enemy to be removed. It was easy to forget due to Baikal’s mild temperament, but he contained the blood of King Zanskal, who was famous among the draconian rulers. 
A snowy field stretched out beyond the blizzard, and at the end of the snowy field was a huge castle made of ice. 
He knew intuitively without anyone telling him that this was Arch Lich Shutenberg’s castle. 
His cloak blew in the wind, and Baikal took a deep breath. Instead of looking back, he pulled out his sword. 
In the raging blizzard, there was a roar which announced the start of the battle. 
100 draconians using Dragon Style rushed forward, with their aura rising around them like flames. 
Then Shutenberg responded. The snow piled high in the wake of the fierce Dragon Style rush. Every gust of wind changed the appearance of the snowy field. 
Baikal understood, and Sektum shook as he stared at Shutenberg’s castle in the distance. 
Arch Lich Shutenberg, he was the person who had made Sektum an undead. He was the world’s greatest necromancer! 
“I am back. I’m back! Shutenberg!” 
As Sektum raised his fist, thousands of undead shone as they prepared for battle. It was the undead which he had made with the bodies of the soldiers and creatures who died beyond the limit line. 
Sektum ordered a charge, and the undead rushed towards the castle. At the same time, the snowy field moved as well. Tens of thousands of undead raised themselves from the snow. 
So far, it was like he had expected. It was a number they could face. 
However, Sektum realized something. It wasn’t just tens of thousands. It hadn’t been the wind which changed the appearance of the snow. 
The whole snowfield moved, revealing the snow had covered all the undead. 
Hundreds of thousands... 
An enormous number of undead stepped forward at the same time like a huge tsunami. 
&  
The War Knight ran, and the red woman embraced the War Knight’s shoulders. 
The flames of War were rising. No one could stop them now. 
War thought of Conquest. She remember the face of the white woman who she both loved and hated, and a lovely smile emerged. 
&  
He didn’t scream. 
Baikal stared in front of him. Rather than being overwhelmed by the tsunami of Shutenberg’s undead, he looked at the entire battlefield. 
There was a strange light, and he felt a strong magic power from the snowfield as the undead rose. 
‘It can’t be.’ 
Baikal didn’t know it for sure, but he sought to deny his intuition. 
However, he couldn’t. He already understood. 
Sektum swallowed back a scream and remembered why he had fled instead of fighting against Shutenberg. 
Thousands of undead clashed with hundreds of thousands of undead. As they trampled on and destroyed each other, the draconians led by Baikal rushed forward. 
The ice dragon Quanta poured out her cold breath, and her big wings blew away the undead. Meanwhile, Zephyr’s magicians chanted hundreds of magic spells at the same time. 
It was a cool sight. Hundreds of thousands of undead were destroyed in an instant. Hundreds of magic spells poured down from the sky and swept over the undead. 
In a single collision, thousands of undead were destroyed. The enemy might have overwhelming numbers, but the quality of Baikal’s troops were far superior. 
However, Sektum was desperate. He had forgotten to create new undead as he stared at the magic circle, which covered the entire snowy field, start to shine. 
There were no spells or chants. Shutenberg’s broken and destroyed undead were raised again. The skeleton’s broken bones were restored, while the ghouls gained new bodies. 
The tsunami didn’t stop, and the army of the demon king gulped. 
&  
The Death Knight took a step forward and picked up the sword which had been created 1,000 years ago. As he put on the blue and black armour, he only thought of one death. 
&  
The rush of hundreds of thousands of undead was like a tsunami. There seemed to be nothing which could stop it. It was their future to be destroyed by that tsunami. 
However, they couldn’t think differently. Compare to that great tsunami, they were too small and shabby. 
The undead ran. They trampled each other. The broken undead rose again to continue that huge tsunami. 
Even Baikal’s draconians warriors, who had a lot of experience, felt fearful. 
However, there was one person who didn’t feel any fear. 
He stood in front of everyone, grabbed the handle of his sword and greeted the nearest undead. 
Then the tsunami struck. At the same time, he drew his sword. 
Sword Duke Ishgard... 
He cut the tsunami. 
&  
It was like an island formed in that area. The sharpness was enough to cut both time and space. 
However, a catastrophe, which was supposed to destroy the sky and the ground didn’t happen. The atmosphere didn’t tear to pieces either. 
There was just the cry of a sharp sword which spread over the snowy field. The undead at the front collapsed, and the fearsome momentum stopped. All of them were split apart. 
The sword duke adjusted his hold on the sword. He swung his sword again before the bodies of the undead could be raised. This time, the undead a little further away were affected by the sword duke’s movement, and the wind dug through the undead. 
If he dealt with them one by one, there would be no end. So, the sword duke considered doing a frontal breakthrough. He was going to destroy the nucleus of the magic circle in order to stop the resurrection of the undead. 
Baikal understood the sword duke’s plan, and his draconians threw themselves to open a path for the sword duke. 
Sektum once again created more undead, while Zephyr’s 100 magicians and 200 knights became a fortress on the battlefield. 
Dark Saintess Altesia started praying. She was calling the great powers of Erebos to the earth. 
Quanta struck the undead from the sky, and Zephyr looked down from her back. For the first time since entering the battlefield, he shouted at the sword duke. 
The sword duke heard Zephyr’s cry. Simultaneously, he confirmed it with his own eyes. 
There was a person rising up from among the undead. He rode a giant black horse and was holding a giant sword in his hand. 
The sword duke changed the direction of his sword hastily and cut to the right instead of the front. 
His sword swept away the undead, but he couldn’t cut the black horse. The person riding on the black horse blocked the sword duke’s attack. 
It was the first time Baikal had seen the man on the black horse. However, he instantly realized who it was, and he screamed out, 
“Winter King!” 
It was the king of the northern barbarians... 
The presence who didn’t allow the captains to leave the Aegis Gate! 
A blue energy was pouring from his whole body, which was wrapped in a black armour. 
Then the sword duke changed the direction of his sword. He attacked the winter king. 
&  
The power of Arch Lich Shutenberg exceeded expectations. No one had expected the winter king to appear here. 
Shutenberg’s magic circle was still being maintained. Baikal and his 100 draconians tried desperately to break through the undead, but it wasn’t easy. The battle between the sword duke and the winter king was devastating the surrounding area, and no one dared interfere with their fight. 
‘Why?’ 
The sword duke thought as he fought the winter king. The the winter king attacked whilst seated on his huge horse, and the attack was heavy and violent. It was impossible to compare the winter king to the demon king, but the winter king’s power was still enough to cut down a captain of the Demon King’s Palace. 
He had never imagined there would be a contact between Arch Lich Shutenberg and the winter king. If they were allied, why did only Shutenberg attack the Sanctuary? Why didn’t the winter king come out directly? 
It was hard to imagine the relationship between Shutenberg and the winter king. The auras released by the sword duke and the winter king exploded against each other and went in different directions. The hundreds of undead in the surrounded area turned into powder instantly. 
The winter king was covered with a blue energy, but it wasn’t just mere aura. It was the type of power the sword duke had encountered at Thunderdoom Fortress. 
The Death Knight...
No, the winter king wasn’t the Death Knight. He was definitely one step lower! 
Kwang!
A roar shook their ears. Simultaneously, Altesia’s prayer was completed. Altesia, who was covered in sweat, shouted in a lively voice, 
"Sma-sh!” 
Her voice spread through the battlefield. Perhaps this was a miracle from Erebos, the God of Darkness. 
A black power, which was the opposite of Altesia’s youthfulness, stretched out in menacingly across the sky. It took away the false life from the undead and gave them true death. 
Tens of thousands of flying undead returned to the ground in an instant. The dark power of Erebos affected Shutenberg’s magic circle temporarily. The undead flying in the sky crashed to the ground and couldn’t get back up again. 
The reason for Altesia’s attack to occur in the sky, and not the ground, was to create a gap. As she leaned on a long staff, Altesia stared into the sky. Meanwhile, the ice dragon Quanta was rushing toward the center of the circle. 
However, it was an enormous magic circle with a diameter of several kilometers. Even the approach of flying from the air didn’t make sense. 
Quanta aimed her frost breath towards the ground. The undead which were using the power of the magic circle were frozen. Zephyr prepared a powerful spell from his position on Quanta’s back. 
Even if it was Zephyr, it was impossible to crush a magic circle of this size with one blow. It was best to prevent the resurrection of the undead by destroying key functions. 
Zephyr chanted his spell quickly. Quanta had almost reached the center of the circle. At that moment, a huge hand rose from the ground. 
Made of tens of thousands of undead, the giant hand grabbed Quanta’s neck and the undead ran along her back. Quanta struggled but couldn’t escape the giant hand. 
Then Altesia started to chant a new prayer. Zephyr gave Quanta a command, and she turned into a gandharva. 
Zephyr kicked in the air and used Telekinesis to stay there. 
In mid-air, Quanta turned her body. She was once again in the form of the giant ice dragon and swung her tail in a huge sweep. Quanta didn’t stop there as she used the magic power in her body to devastate the surroundings. 
Zephyr once again kicked in the air. He was still quite a distance from the center of the circle.
Chwaaaaak!
Thousands of bats flocked before Zephyr. These were senior undead vampires which hadn’t shown up until now. They were an ancient vampire species, different from the Day Walkers. 
The vampires took on the appearance of bats and used powerful magic. In an instant, bursts of lightning, wind, and ice flew toward Zephyr. 
Then Zephyr saw someone in the center of the magic circle, beyond the vampires. Just like Yosarina, it was another one of Shutenberg’s subordinates. She was called Cabellina, the frost monarch. 
She had silver hair, white skin, and blue eyes that glared at Zephyr. Right then, Zephyr made a decision in a split second. He exploded the magic, which he had prepared beforehand, at the vampires rushing toward him. 
There was a fierce storm of magic power, and the magic of the vampires was swept away and destroyed. The vampires could no longer maintain the form of bats and crashed into the ground. They were strongly affected by the magic storm and vomited out blood. 
The undead were also affected. All undead in a radius of 100 meters around Zephyr collapsed. Within the influence of the mighty magic storm, even Shutenberg’s enchantments couldn’t raise the undead again. 
However, Cabellina just laughed loudly. It was because she thought that such a great amount of magic would be impossible to produce again. She ordered the undead to charge. The center was guarded by many senior undead, and many death knights raised their swords. 
Zephyr exhaled and stood up straight. The wave of undead would appear again after the magic storm disappeared, but he didn’t lose his composure. 
Instead of watching Cabellina, Zephyr turned his gaze somewhere else. The sword duke, who was fighting against the winter king, smiled for a moment. 
A flurry of wind was coming from the south. No, it was faster than the wind. 
Without realising it, Altesia had stopped her prayer as she gazed in that direction. Quanta and Sektum were no different. 
"The finest saintess battery!” 
There was an unknown cry. At that moment, a white flag appeared behind an orc who gave a large battle cry. 
The white mass sped up. They didn’t slow down and literally tore through the undead. From the front of the charging white mass, the sound of hundreds of birds flapping could be heard. 
Chwaaaaaack!
Dark blue smoke crossed hundreds of meters of undead, and the undead were all smashed by black blades. 
Then the dark blue smoke ended. 
There were two people standing there. One was a warrior holding a mighty sword, while the other one clenched his fist and faced Zephyr. 
Zephyr stared at In-gong... 
And In-gong stared right back. Then at the same time, the two people turned their gazes towards the center of the magic circle. 
“Spiritualism.” 
It was the strongest prince and the gandharva god.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 212 - Chapter 44: Rendezvous #3
Long black hair stretched out, red eyes turned gold, and a heavenly scent filled the surroundings. 
Locke had already encountered this, this but he still stared at In-gong. Zephyr wasn’t much different; his gaze turned from the center of the magic circle to In-gong.  
A smile formed on Locke's face, and Zephyr’s eyes lit up. 
“Heh, my master is amazing.” 
Green Wind suddenly sounded like Felicia. Locke, who was nearby, laughed as he heard Green Wind’s words and then stared at the front again. 
Zephyr didn’t hear Green Wind’s voice, but he couldn’t help frowning a little bit. Rather than delaying further, he focused his attention on the center of the magic circle again. 
'It is too early to be surprised. My master is much more amazing!’ 
Green Wind shouted. Fortunately, In-gong was the only one who heard it this time. He ignored Green Wind and called up the divine flame in his body. As In-gong gazed toward the front, he also looked at the mini-map to figure out the situation. 
There were red dots all over the map. The number of undead was enormous, and In-gong, Locke, and Zephyr were in the center of them. 
Thanks to Zephyr’s magic, the nearby undead were swept away, but that was a small number compared to the entire battlefield. Moreover, it was a hole which could be filled at any time. The area which In-gong had passed by with Black Specter had also filled up with new undead. 
Zephyr didn’t explain it, but In-gong immediately understood. Zephyr’s purpose was to strike the center of the incredibly big magic circle. The undead would keep recovering if the magic circle wasn’t destroyed. 
“Let’s go, Green Wind.” 
‘I understand, Master.’ 
Then In-gong’s aura exploded. Green Wind, who had been promoted to an apostle, revealed her goddess form behind In-gong. Thanks to Green Wind’s strong winds, the heavenly scent spread through the battlefield.
Kwang!
In-gong kicked against the ground, and a dust cloud was generated due to the tremendous momentum. He was running faster than the wind. 
Cabellina, who had been caught by the heavenly scene, quickly recovered while recalling the death of Yosarina. As she gathered her magic power angrily, the death knights around her rushed toward In-gong. There were dozens of them. 
“Quanta!” 
Quanta, who had been enjoying the divine scent, landed on the ground at Zephyr’s order and aimed her cold breath at the vampires. Then she swept away the undead around her with her tail. As Zephyr passed through the frozen vampires, he prepared a new spell, and a mighty magic power moved around him. 
Locke prayed to the gods. If Saintess Beatrice was the most beloved of her god, then Locke was one of the most divine human beings. 
Several gods of the Human World had blessed Locke. This was proven by the seven glorious lights which now emerged from Locke’s sword. The divinity was so strong that the undead fell down just from standing near Locke. 
Locke focused his divine power on the Warrior’s Sword and thrust off from the ground, catching up with the quick In-gong in the blink of an eye. 
There weren’t just three people fighting. Carack stuck the flag of light into the ground, and the power of Conquest increased the strength of all their allies. 
Caitlin once again showed the power of an apostle. Her dark eyes, which resembled the night sky, were drenched in pure white. However, that wasn’t the only change; Caitlin became more mature. She completely conquered the lycanthrope blood in her body, and like Chris, she exploded it. 
Caitlin's fangs sharpened, a wolf’s tail sprang out, and the pupils of both her eyes changed into a beast’s. As her height grew, her breasts enlarged as well. 
However, Caitlin maintained her mind. Rather than rushing randomly, she protected her territory with angry roars. Her mission was to protect everyone, including Felicia. 
Meanwhile, Vandal didn’t consider the number of enemies. He just swung his hammer at the enemies around him. 
Contrary to Vandal, Chris had a more strategic mindset and headed towards Baikal’s party. 
Simultaneously, Silvan took off his eyepatch, and golden light flashed from the fairy like lightning. Every time he swung his sword, dozens of undead exploded. 
“Baikal orabeoni!” 
Anastasia sensed Baikal fighting in the distance and bit her lips. If the undead were the enemies, then she couldn’t use any bewitchment magic. Therefore, her mission shifted. Instead of Beatrice, who was breathing hard from working for half a day, Anastasia would become a new battery for the party. 
She cast several spells simultaneously, and they were all wide area magic. 
These were powerful magic spells to boost the ones currently fighting. Their courage grew, and they soon forgot their fear. A new vigor was breathed into the flesh of those fighting. 
Felicia also supported her allies on the battlefield. Like Anastasia, Felicia didn’t use direct magic spells but limited the battlefield by using a powerful Fire Barrier. She was anxious because she couldn’t see In-gong through all the undead, but she was encouraged by the heavenly scent. 
“T-That smell?!” 
Amita sniffed enthusiastically but could barely discern it. In order to protect Daphne who was preparing various recovery magic, Amita gathered the power of the last flame in their hands. They sniffed some more while preparing to cast a barrier once again. 
However, there was still too many enemies. For this great number, they needed thousands of people who could take out many enemies with one strike. 
It was then that Baikal made a decision. He noticed Chris’ movements and moved to join the other royal children instead of moving towards the center. However, he never forgot the sword duke. Baikal could neither enter the vicinity where the sword duke and winter king were fighting nor leave the sword duke alone. In order to be able to help at any time, Baikal also kept on eye on the sword duke’s fight. 
The battlefield had transformed into a breathtaking melee. At the forefront, In-gong collided with the death knights. 
Kwang!
Earth Quaker growled angrily as the first conflict started. In-gong moved smoothly like the wind, so the death knights couldn’t catch him. Then he slammed his fist into a death knight’s chest. 
That death knight’s massive power was destroyed. In-gong soon moved onto another Death Knight as Green Wind also took action. 
Kwakakakak!
White Eagle, Alpha Black Eagle, and Beta Black Eagle struck the heads and chests of the death knights repeatedly. Unable to withstand Green Wind’s brutal attacks as well as the power of Conquest which suppressed the power of Death, the death knights’ heads and chests shattered. 
In-gong adjusted his breathing, then he took a deep breath and threw himself between the pincer attacks of a second and third death knight. Concentrating his strength on both his legs, there was no need for In-gong to think as he used a technique. 
‘Divine Sura Authority—New Lightning.’ 
Lightning emerged from In-gong. Then the white lightning which started from In-gong, drew a sharp trail over the waist and chest of the death knights, pushing them away. 
The old Lightning would’ve ended here, but this one took it one step further. Intense lightning poured towards the remaining death knights. 
Kwakakakakang!
The sound of thunder rang out, and the death knights couldn’t catch up with In-gong’s movements. The sounds of the death knights’ chests, waists and legs being destroyed fired up White Eagle and Black Eagle. 
Then New Lightning ended, but In-gong still didn’t stop. He turned into blue smoke to avoid a death knight’s attack from the side. His body was soon reconstructed, and he rushed towards the center of the magic circle. 
The frost monarch, Cabellina, panicked. She didn’t know what to do as In-gong defeated the death knights and advanced. Additionally, In-gong wasn’t the only one here; Zephyr’s magic power was getting heavier. Quanta was still showing great strength, and there was the warrior who was emitting a resplendent light. 
Cabellina had to protect the magic circle, but she couldn’t think of any methods to do so. The death knights and vampires rushing in were just like new firewood being thrown into roaring flames. 
As Cabellina gritted her teeth, she erased all complicated thoughts and stared at In-gong who was charging toward her. She focused her magic power and prepared to fight. 
Then at that moment... 
Cabellina felt her magic power swell up. The death knights as well as the vampires became stronger, and there was a vortex of mighty magic power in the center of the magic circle. 
“Ahh!” 
Cabellina was filled with joy. She had no choice. It was the master of this magic power… This was his power. 
The magic circle, which covered the entire battlefield, started to shine once again. Dark clouds filled the sky, then a blizzard started due to the flow of magic power. 
Beatrice, who had barely recovered thanks to Anastasia’s recovery magic, gasped and grabbed her chest. Altesia, the dark saintess, showed a response similar to Beatrice. 
This new power was a power beyond reason. The light of the magic circle became stronger and so did the vortex in the sky and on the ground. There was only one person who could create such a miracle on the battlefield. 
Both of the vortexes exploded. The space distorted, and there was a huge crack in the air. 
The undead stopped fighting and shouted towards the sky. There were hundreds of thousands of them, so it seemed like the earth and sky were shaking. 
The winter king and sword duke stared at the center of the magic circle, and the winter king smiled joyfully. 
The crack in the air grew bigger, then finally, it broke. As the sky shattered, a huge presence emerged. 
Blue lightning struck between the dark clouds. The dark clouds headed towards the ground, while the blizzard soared towards the sky. In the heart of this scene, magic power swirled. 
Quanta shook with fear. Everyone within the center of the magic circle reacted in the same manner. Anastasia’s breathing became harsh, while Felicia’s hands shook involuntarily. The always present smile disappeared from Altesia’s face, and Sektum fell to the ground, struggling against the pain. 
Chris had thought that the power invested into this mission was far too excessive, but it was different now. He understood the reason why the sword duke had concentrated so much power here. 
The new presence was huge. He wore purple clothes which were closer to black, and his right hand held a staff while his left hand held a sharp sword. 
Specters roamed around him. His skull had a golden crown on it, and blue lights gleamed from where his eyes were supposed to be. 
Arch Lich Shutenberg, also known as the Half King... 
His gaze turned toward In-gong. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 213 - Chapter 44: Rendezvous #4
The War Knight gazed far away, while War looked on with trepidation. 
A new battlefield appeared in the War Knight’s sights. 
&  
The Half King stared at In-gong. Then all the undead on the battlefield looked at In-gong as well. Hundreds of thousands of eyes swallowed up In-gong like a flood. It was truly excessive. 
Green Wind was overwhelmed for a moment. For the first time since she had joined In-gong, her shoulders slumped with fear. 
It was a brutal evil. The hundreds of thousands of eyes felt like swords and axes slicing at her spirit. 
Green Wind trembled. Her complexion was pale, and she couldn’t breathe. Tears poured from her eyes like she was a child. 
‘Death. Ceasing to exist. Destruction.’ That was what she thought. She couldn’t think of anything else. 
At that moment, just as her spirit was about to be crushed... 
In-gong raised his hands. Before the numerous gazes, he raised his arm horizontally like he was hiding Green Wind. 
In-gong faced the hundreds of thousands of eyes as well, and Shutenberg’s gaze was heavy. However, In-gong faced it straight on; he didn’t back down. 
His divinity grew, and the white woman shouted from In-gong’s soul,
‘Conquer! 
‘Obey and rule!’ 
Kwang!
An explosive sound rang out, and In-gong forced back Shutenberg’s power of compulsion. As the white light collided with Shutenberg’s power, it caused an explosion. 
This was the power of Conquest. Simultaneously, it was also the power of Dhrtarastra. 
Green Wind gasped for air and regained control of herself. As she once more felt her affection toward In-gong, she created a strong wind to keep him safe. 
There were two more people and not just In-gong who cut off Shutenberg’s power. 
One of them had grabbed the Warrior’s Sword, while the other had pulled out his dragon slayer. 
One was Warrior Locke, the protagonist of the Human World in Knight Saga. 
The other one was 2nd Prince Zephyr Ragnaros, the protagonist of the Demon World in Knight Saga. 
The two people accompanied In-gong, raising their weapons against the same enemy. 
A smile flashed on In-gong's face. Although he knew it wasn’t the time, he couldn’t help laughing. 
He was with these two... In-gong was going to fight the enemy with both of them. 
Locke laughed as well. 
Zephyr frowned like he thought both of them were crazy. 
“He’s coming.” 
Locke said, and Zephyr agreed. Shutenberg raised his staff and sword at the same time. The specters wandering around Shutenberg rushed towards the three people with loud screeches. 
In-gong saw them, and Earth Quaker growled as In-gong formed a fist. Then In-gong cried out with the full power of Conquest! 
“Below the King’s Flag!” 
Kwang!
Once again, there was a deafening sound. A brilliant flag of white light struck the ground, and the enormous power of Conquest pushed back Shutenberg’s blue power. Green Wind, Locke, and Zephyr were also strengthened by the power of Conquest. 
“Let’s go.” 
In-gong declared, and Locke and Zephyr wielded their weapons. 
&  
The Death Knight looked into the distance, while Death smiled happily. 
The War Knight approached the Death Knight. 
&  
The whole battlefield was crying. The huge swirl of magic power in the sky was emitting lightning, and Felicia was reminded of the vortex she had seen in Sky Forest. 
The advent of Arch Lich Shutenberg affected the undead as well. They became stronger and more ferocious. 
Rather than the fire barrier, Felicia dug into the ground and raised the earth. Every time the ground crumpled, the undead fell and trampled each other. They weren’t able to resist being crushed either as walls of earth formed. 
However, there were too many undead. The reason why Felicia and the others kept on moving was not just to join Baikal. It was obvious that if they stayed still, they would be crushed by the wave of undead.
Caitlin and Vandal opened a path for the party at the front. After gaining the power of an apostle, Caitlin was like a typhoon. Every time she launched an attack, dozens of undead collapsed. 
Considering the overwhelming difference in numbers, the party was overpowering. 
When a huge bolt of lightning from Silvan disintegrated the undead in front of them, Felicia felt a sense of security. She wanted to praise her always reliable brother, but she kept it in her mind since she knew Silvan would go crazy if he heard it. 
It was difficult for Felicia to keep changing the terrain while moving. She needed time to breathe for a moment. 
While she recovered her breath, Felicia’s gaze moved far away. She saw the true center of the battlefield, which was much further away from the blue ice dragon. 
Despite using far-seeing magic, she couldn’t see it properly. All she knew was that a huge amount of aura and magic power were colliding with each other. 
It was clear that a terrifying battle was taking place. Maybe it was more terrifying than the fight against the demonic god in Sky Forest. 
Felicia couldn’t help shuddering. Anxiety and impatience ate away at her heart. 
Since the Red Lightning tribe subjugation, she had always been with In-gong. Despite being in the same space, this was the first time she wasn’t able to see In-gong fight. 
Was In-gong okay? Could he win this time? 
"Don't worry, it is Prince." 
Carack came up to her and said. It was a relaxed tone that didn’t fit the atmosphere of the battlefield. 
Felicia turned to look at Carack. Instead of facing Felicia, Carack was smiling as he looked towards where In-gong was fighting. 
“Yes, it’s Shutra.” 
Felicia agreed. It was strange, but her heart felt lighter. 
"Then let’s get back to work. We don’t want to be lazing around when Prince comes back.” 
“Yes.” 
At this moment, Felicia understood slightly why Delia had fallen for Carack. Felicia then took a deep breath, patted her cheeks lightly, and focused on her magic again. 
Carack grinned and raised his axe. There were still too many undead remaining. 
&  
The mercenary king, Carlov, was a mercenary like his title suggested. It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that he had spent his whole life on the battlefield. 
However, this was the first time he had seen a battlefield like this. There was an infinite number of approaching enemies, and there were allies who advanced while crushing those enemies... 
This was truly the Demon World. While travelling through the Demon World, he had realized that the species of the Demon World were much more militant than the Human World. However, his true realization came on this battlefield. They displayed a tremendous combat power, worthy of being called the elite of the Demon World. 
Some knights from the Human World would be unable to fight like the ones before him right now. In particular, the children of the demon king were amazing. Despite only been in their mid-teens to early 20s, their abilities were truly great. 
Carlov whistled as he watched them. He wanted to fight together with Caitlin, who showed off the charm of a fighter, but his duty was to protect Beatrice. 
Beatrice was praying with her eyes closed. Every time she sang, the divine aura around her became stronger. 
She wasn’t the only saintess who was praying. Dark Saintess Altesia was also praying with the dark power of Erebos surrounding her. 
Whether it was a coincidence or inevitability, the prayers of the two saintesses finished at the same time and they shouted loudly:
"Parents in heaven! Show your strength and illuminate this world with the glory of your light!” 
“Believe!” 
There was a big difference in their last cries, but fortunately, the gods of light and darkness loved their saintesses equally. The God of Light gave his daughter a miracle in response to her prayer, while the God of Darkness gave power to his youthful daughter. 
A gleam of light shone from the sky filled with dark clouds. It was like a giant golden sword was splitting the earth and sky apart. 
The power of light was absolute. Any undead touched by the golden light was immediately turned to ashes, and tens of thousands of undead were evaporated from the battlefield in an instant. 
The dark miracle descended as well. A darkness, which seemed to devour everything, covered the sky and the earth. The darkness erased everything it swallowed, sweeping away everything in its path and leaving nothing in its place. 
It was a huge feat which everyone in the demon king’s army couldn’t help admiring. This was natural since the miracle from the two saintesses had wiped out closed to 200,000 undead. 
Carlov quickly grabbed Beatrice who was about to fall down. Altesia also collapsed, and the Erebos knights by her side hastened to catch her. 
Despite being bathed in sweat, the two saintesses were very satisfied and once again prayed to each god. Simultaneously, two people were feeling a great joy. 
“Orabeoni!” 
“Anastasia!” 
Anastasia and Baikal smiled brightly as they found each other. Anastasia wanted to run into Baikal’s arms, but the distance between the two of them was still great. 
"Hyung-nim!" 
Chris shouted sharply while filled with the power of wilderness. Then Baikal skillfully changed the course of his troops. Thanks to the miracle of the two saintesses, the surrounding undead had been swept away, so he didn’t need to worry about the battle between the sword duke and winter king for a while. The sword duke’s fight was something that couldn’t even be imagined. 
Currently, Caitlin was the best fighter amongst them, while Chris and Baikal fought on either side of her. Baikal was greatly confused by Caitlin’s transformed appearance, but there was no time to talk about it.  
"Wedge formation! Charge!" 
Chris commanded, and Caitlin shot off. The entire army was like a huge arrow, with Caitlin being the very tip. Their goal was the center of the magic circle where a huge battle was taking place. 
&  
The sword duke and winter king didn’t move while facing each other. It was the confrontational phase after several fierce exchanges. 
The winter king’s reputation wasn’t in vain. There would be none among the captains who could beat him; he really was the strongest beyond the limit line. 
The winter king laughed wildly. There was joy and exultation in his eyes. They were the eyes of a person who enjoyed fighting against the strong. 
The sword duke smiled. He too enjoyed fighting against the strong. As someone had who walked the path of the sword for his whole life, this was a huge enjoyment for him. 
However, it wasn’t time to be immersed in his joy. 
The sword duke closed his eyes, and he took a deep breathe. 
The princes were fighting Arch Lich Shutenberg. Originally, he was an enemy the sword duke was supposed to deal with. The new generation of hope would struggle to overcome Shutenberg’s power. 
The sword duke opened his eyes. It was the same with the winter king who sensed that the time had come. 
The stillness which existed between the two people broke. The sword duke and winter king once again crossed swords. 
&  
A fierce battle was unfolding. 
It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that the fate of the Demon World was hanging on this battle. 
It was as they thought. 
This was intentional. 
&  
Arch Lich Shutenberg was strong. His magic power was comparable to the demonic god at Sky Forest. 
Moreover, his magic power wasn’t great due to absorbing the magic power of Sky Forest like the demonic god. Instead, his magic skills had been accumulated over 2,000 years of living and were enough to make Felicia and Anastasia look like children. 
So, even though Locke and Zephyr fought together, Shutenberg was never caught off guard. In-gong did his best to fight against Shutenberg. 
However, inside In-gong’s soul, Conquest, the white woman wearing the golden crown, turned her attention elsewhere. She thought of those separate from Shutenberg. 
The Death Knight and War Knight... 
Where were they? Why hadn’t they showed up at this moment? 
The white woman lifted her head in the darkness. She had sacrificed many things to escape from her fate 1,000 years ago, and she was still incomplete. Therefore, she shouldn’t have realized it. 
However, the white woman had a hunch. She had realized something.
&  
The Death Knight and War Knight faced each other. The knights didn’t feel that much despite 1,000 years of separation. 
However, Death and War were different. Since they lost their leader Conquest, the two felt deep emotions over being together once more. 
War, the red woman, embraced Death in the darkness. 
Death, the blue man, hugged the red woman back. 
“Ahh.” 
The red woman was crying. She felt pure delight as she faced the blue man. 
The blue man was no different. Finally, he let go of his sister and stared across the darkness. 
The Death Knight joined Death. He was 1,000 years old and different from the other Knights of the Apocalypse. The Death Knight could be called Death itself. 
The War Knight turned his attention to the Death Knight. Death and War stood together in the darkness and looked at the new battlefield. 
Finally, the time had come. All those who would interfere were in the north. 
The Death Knight and War Knight took a step forward. Their gazes were focused on the new battlefield. 
The Demon King’s Palace... 
It was the place where the man who protected the Demon World was located. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 214 - Chapter 45: Demon King
1,000 years ago... 
There had been a species with a mighty civilization in the Demon World. 
They were called the indigenous species. 
&  
The area was filled with the power of Death. Due to the miracles caused by the God of Light and the God of Darkness, hundreds of thousands of undead had been erased from the world, but there were still many remaining. 
Shutenberg also had the power of Death, and a mighty blue aura emitted from his body. The man at Thunderdoom Fortress couldn’t even compare with Shutenberg. 
In-gong sensed it intuitively… Arch Lich Shutenberg wasn’t the Death Knight. He had received power from the Death Knight and was an apostle. 
However, he was different from the other apostles. He had 1,000 years to build up the power of Death. Before he became an apostle of Death, he had been a powerful magician with barely any rivals. 
Arch Lich Shutenberg used magic as naturally as he breathed. Every time his staff moved, a new spell enveloped the sky while the undead moved in a orderly fashion, in unison with his sword. 
Awful curses rained down from the sky. They were curses which weakened stamina, strength, and the spirit. There were also powerful curses which caused death or deprived someone of life. 
The power of Conquest, branching out from the King’s Flag, blocked the curses, but Shutenberg didn’t hesitate to continue using them. It seemed he wanted to see how long In-gong and the others could endure the curses. 
Shutenberg didn’t just use curse magic. There were also direct magic attacks which threatened In-gong’s party. As an arch lich, every one of his magic spells was unimaginable. 
Hellfire sprang up from the ground, while blizzards swirled and several spheres were created, which erased what it touched.
Despite growing up in a temple, various curse words emerged from Warrior Locke’s mouth. He destroyed the spheres using his divine power, then he used the Warrior’s Sword to make dozens of aura light swords to protect himself as well as In-gong and Zephyr. 
Zephyr used magic. Rather than attacking Arch Lich Shutenberg, he created a magic storm which disturbed all magic around it. It contributed to their defense by reducing or eliminating the power of Shutenberg’s magic.
Locke and Zephyr were truly performing greatly. However, when one took a step back from the scene, they see that Locke and Zephyr were just doing their best to defend. 
The undead cried out; it was the screaming of hundreds of thousands of enemies. Like both crying and singing, it was more than enough to cause the living people to feel despair and horror. 
Shutenberg didn’t give any complicated orders to the undead. The command he gave the undead was simply to rush forward. 
The undead climbed on top of each other, trying to swallow up In-gong, Zephyr, and Locke like angry waves. 
Every time Locke and Zephyr wielded their weapons, the undead broke like waves crashing against a breakwater. However, there were too many undead. 
Locke and Zephyr couldn’t think about attacking. Due to the unceasing number of undead, even Shutenberg became invisible. 
As In-gong pushed through Shutenberg’s curses, he was busy thinking. The white woman was very anxious about something, but the situation in front of him was so urgent that he didn’t have time to worry about it. 
Arch Lich Shutenberg was strong, but he wasn’t the God of Death. His current brutal strength was due to the enormous magic circle covering the whole snowfield. 
It was just like when In-gong fought the demonic god at Sky Forest. He had to destroy the magic circle first. 
Earth Quaker growled angrily. Then In-gong used Dragon Breath and destroyed the undead in front of him. As the shattered bones were scattering, he heard Zephyr’s voice,
‘Save your power. Concentrate on defense rather than offense.’ 
Message magic. It was magic that was sent to Locke as well as In-gong. 
‘Buy some time. Prepare a powerful blow for when there is an opportunity.’ 
The message magic only conveyed a short instruction which didn’t explain everything. 
Zephyr was collecting magic and aura for a strong blow while defending. He had also realized that the magic circle had to be destroyed in order to beat Shutenberg. 
‘But just defending? Isn’t it better to dig into the center and attack the magic circle somehow?’ 
As Locke shared those thoughts, Zephyr shook his head and sent another message magic. 
‘Altesia will somehow do it.’ 
Locke frowned because he didn’t know who Altesia was, but Zephyr didn’t explain anymore. Attacks started to pour down on Locke again, so he wasn’t able to ask more questions. 
While In-gong used Dragon Words for defense, he was perplexed. It wasn’t because Zephyr had mentioned Altesia instead of the other children of the demon king. He was perplexed because Zephyr seemed to smile slightly when he referred to Altesia. 
‘Smile? Zephyr? Saying a girl’s name?’ 
It wasn’t somebody else but Zephyr? 
‘Master!’ 
There was no time. In-gong poured his magic spells in Green Wind’s direction. 
&  
Of course, it was hard to use magic while running. The damage was weak compared to when it was focused properly and the efficiency was poor. 
However, Anastasia used almost perfect magic spells while running. It was because she was used to it after using ‘faster than the wind’ several times. When she thought about it, she had never imagined the situation of burning out of magic before meeting In-gong. 
The magic which emerged from Anastasia was the wide area recovery magic necessary when she had been the battery for ‘faster than the wind’. It was magic which not only healed wounds but also revitalized the body and cleansed the targets of fatigue. 
With Caitlin in the lead, a new group joined the wedge formation and was smashing through the undead towards the magic circle. They were the knights from the Erebos Church as well as Altesia. 
Altesia rode a Phantom Steed and approached Beatrice, who was being carried on Carlov’s back. 
Although clearly exhausted, Altesia’s eyes were shining like lanterns. Beatrice couldn’t hide her confusion, and she felt some fear as Altesia came closer. 
However, Beatrice was a saintess. She was revered as the incarnation of Mother Earth, so she quickly recovered and confronted Altesia. 
The two saintesses recognized each other pretty quickly. Their gods were different, but both of them were greatly loved by their gods. The divine power which only the two of them could see looked like the full moon. 
Altesia suddenly smiled widely. She brought the Phantom Steed closer to Beatrice and made it show off some tricks. 
"Let’s pray together! Shatter the magic circle!” 
Beatrice’s eyes widened. Then Altesia stood up straight and looked up at the sky. 
"Will you help me?” 
The God of Light was also the mother of all things. In response to Altesia’s cry, a stream of golden light poured down from the sky and illuminated her. Like an actress in the spotlight, Altesia laughed once again. 
"We will be helped!” 
"Oh?" 
Beatrice was confused. Carlov, who was carrying Beatrice, was the same. 
‘What?' 
A light poured down in response to the cry of some random saintess? 
‘No, that’s not right.’ 
Altesia was a saintess, but she was the saintess of another god! 
While Carlov was baffled, Altesia looked up at the sky again. She suddenly laughed and said in a bewitching voice, 
"Aish, Erebos as well. Am I cheating on you? You’re jealous! But that is also charming! So good!” 
What the hell was she saying? However, it couldn’t be ignored. Just like the golden light, a darkness poured down from the sky. 
Beatrice gave up thinking about it. 
"Let’s pray together.” 
Beatrice closed her eyes and Altesia nodded. The two saintesses prayed to their gods. 
&  
Two swords crossed. In the battlefield where the undead and soldiers were fighting, it was like another space. 
There wasn’t his usual kindness on the sword duke’s face. His eyes penetrated through everything and only chased one thing. 
At that moment, his sword cried out, and the noise filled the space distinctly. 
The balance collapsed. The sword duke’s sword started to push back the winter king’s sword. 
&  
“Amazing!” 
Caitlin shouted from where she was running in the vanguard. Baikal smiled like he couldn’t believe it, while Silvan looked like a child. Chris just sighed with admiration. 
A miracle was happening as the two saintesses prayed together. The both of them were already exhausted from creating a miracle earlier, but they did this by drawing out all their stamina. 
On the ground, the huge incarnation of a god rose up. It was so huge that it was dozens of meters in size, despite only having the upper half. 
A golden sword was shining brilliant in the black incarnation’s hand. That sword was the incarnation of the God of Light. 
The black incarnation roared and grabbed the sword of light. Then the force of the gods were released towards the ground. 
The sword of light exploded, and the brilliant golden colour covered the ground as a huge roar rang out. 
The world was once again covered with light and darkness. Beatrice could no longer withstand it and fainted, while Altesia fell back on her Phantom Steed after letting out an unknown cry. She had also fainted. 
However, the miraculous effect of the two saintesses was certain. A part of the huge magic circle covering the snowfield was now destroyed, and Felicia and Anastasia didn’t miss this crack in the magic circle. 
The two princesses cast their magic desperately. Baikal added his magic power to the two princesses, while Silvan didn’t stay still either. The magic power of the fairy caused the crack in the magic circle to widen. 
The magic was still alive, but it didn’t function properly. The undead stumbled for a moment as their supply of magic power was disrupted. It was like the tremors of an earthquake were running through the snowfield as thousands of them collapsed at the same time. 
The once overpowering flow of magic power was disrupted, and Green Wind realized that the wind had changed. 
It had to be now. The chance wouldn’t come a second time. 
Locke and Zephyr moved at the same time. The Warrior’s Sword and Dragon Slayer released terrible auras. 
Locke used the super special move of the Warrior’s Sword. 
Meanwhile, Zephyr used the super special move of Dragon Strike. 
There was one additional power which contained great destruction... 
True Destruction. 
Earth Quaker roared angrily. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 215 - Chapter 45: Demon King #2
It was something which couldn’t have happened originally. The magic circle on the snowfield wasn’t an ordinary magic circle. 
Magicians usually surrounded their homes with powerful magic, and the magician would add various magic circles to increase their power by several times. 
Shutenberg had created this thousands of years ago. The magic circle had been created before Shutenberg’s castle; it was a magic circle with a weight of over 3,000 years behind it. 
Even with fairly powerful magic, it had been impossible to damage the outer parts of the circle. Since the magic circle wasn’t drawn on the ground, they were forced to hit it with pure power.  
The reason why Zephyr had tried to dig into the center of the circle was because there was no other way to damage it. 
Yet, the outer parts of that magic circle were now destroyed. It was truly a miracle which was possible only because there were two saintesses beloved by their gods. 
In-gong and Locke realized it instinctively, and Zephyr also clearly understood.  
The miracle created by the incarnation of the two gods didn’t end with just creating a crack in the magic circle.  
The magic circle was collapsing. It was like a domino falling down. The damage to the outside meant the inside would soon be destroyed. 
Felicia and Anastasia accelerated the collapse. Due to the fact that it was such a huge magic circle, it would take some time to collapse. However, it was clear that a collapse was imminent. 
The undead covering the snowfield stumbled. This was a precursor, and thus In-gong, Locke, and Zephyr moved. Arch Lich Shutenberg was also affected by the magic circle, so this was a chance. 
The cracks on the magic circle grew bigger. Light scattered and blended with the blizzard, while the rough winds drove the cries of the undead upwards. 
Locke felt wonder. Throughout his whole life, he had never met anyone who was his match. In the meantime, he had fought creatures several times with In-gong’s party, but they had been easy fights. 
However, their breathing was now in sync, and he could see what the other two people would do next. 
It was something he had never felt with Carlov and Beatrice. 
A smile appeared on Locke's face. Knowing what the other two would do, he kicked off from the ground. Then he looked around as he inserted energy into the Warrior’s Sword. 
Locke met another’s gaze. 2nd Prince Zephyr Ragnaros was doing the same thing. He grasped a white sword and was looking in Locke’s direction 
Both of them understood; they exchanged words with just their eyes. 
It was a strange feeling, but they didn’t dislike it. 
Locke and Zephyr didn’t look back. They didn’t pay attention to the third person who would play the most important role. It was baseless confidence, but the two of them didn’t doubt it. 
The first to attack was Zephyr. He went beyond the wall of the crumbling, leapt in the air, and used Dragon Strike. 
It was truly an overwhelming sight. A dragon’s head made of magic power and aura roared, and light enveloped the world. 
This was a wide range attack and the reason why Zephyr had moved first. The undead between In-gong’s group and Shutenberg were swept away. Along with the magic circle collapsing, a large hole was made. 
Locke plunged into the light. It was hasty enough to seem like a self-destructive move, but the reality was different. 
It was the most accurate timing. The moment that the aftermath of Dragon Strike began to fade, Locke was in the center of the destruction. As Zephyr’s light faded, Locke pierced the air . 
A huge sword made of light was emitted from the tip of his sword. The mass of divine power and aura rushed toward Shutenberg. 
Kwang!
With a violent roar, the Warrior’s Sword was stopped in the air. To be precise, it was embedded in an invisible wall. 
Cracks formed in the air. The Warrior’s Sword shook, and Locke didn’t hesitate to swing it. 
Kwakakakang!
A huge explosion occurred. The reason why it had occurred was simple: Shutenberg’s chain of defense spells had been broken. 
Locke laughed. He once again felt a strange feeling. It was the first time he was leaving the final move to someone else. 
"Go!" 
He shouted excitedly. And with that sound, In-gong charged forward, using Wind Style to surpass the speed of the wind. 
In-gong broke through the crumbling defense and became mist. Then as he arrived in front of Shutenberg, his fist lunged out. 
‘True Destruction!’ 
Earth Quaker howled. The dragon blood flowing in In-gong’s body roared with it. 
This True Destruction was the most powerful one that In-gong had used so far. However, Shutenberg was the opponent, and he had already started preparing a powerful magic the moment the magic circle had started to collapse. Rather than defending against In-gong’s destructive power, Shutenberg responded with the same destruction. 
In-gong’s fist came into contact with Shutenberg’s sword, not Shutenberg. This was the result of Shutenberg reading the flow of magic power created by Blink. 
The power of True Destruction encased Shutenberg’s sword, while the magic contained in Shutenberg’s sword sought to destroy True Destruction. 
Earth Quaker was enraged at such a challenge. As it cried out angrily, True Destruction started to overwhelm Shutenberg’s attack, and the sword that Shutenberg held was quickly turned into pieces. 
The power of destruction continued to advance. At the same time, Shutenberg used several magic spells, and magic power poured from his staff toward In-gong. 
Pepeng!
In-gong turned into dark blue fog again, while White Eagle and Black Eagle moved in front of In-gong to block the attacks. The power of the green light blocked Shutenberg’s enchantments. 
However, Arch Lich Shutenberg didn’t let up. The wicked and aggressive magic hurt not only White Eagle and Black Eagle but Green Wind as well. Green Wind screamed with pain, while In-gong angrily moved more power into Earth Quaker. 
However, Shutenberg still didn’t stop generating new magic. 
The powerful curses seemed to break through the force field. 
Locke and Zephyr didn’t look. The two people were attacking the undead which had started to recover. Locke had dozens of small swords made from magic power and aura around him, while new spells formed in Zephyr’s hands. 
‘Master!’ 
Green Wind cried out. However, it wasn’t just a cry from pain. In-gong understood what Green Wind was saying. 
There wasn’t much left. The undead pushing against them right now were the last flicker of a candle that was about to go out. 
Kwaaaaaang!
The undead joined together and formed a giant hand. The giant hand rose high into the sky above In-gong’s, Locke’s, and Zephyr’s heads. 
“Shutra!” 
Felicia shouted from far away. Caitlin hurled away all the undead which were blocking her eyes. 
The Warrior’s Sword created by Locke headed into the sky. Zephyr invoked magic on both his hands, while In-gong released his aura. 
Then the giant hand hit the ground. There was a fierce tremor, and a brilliant light flashed. White Eagle and Black Eagle escorted In-gong from the remnants of the giant hand, while Locke and Zephyr escaped the wreckage simultaneously. 
It was at this moment that... 
The blizzard swirling started to head towards the sky. The crack in the magic circle finally reached the center, and the destruction began. 
Fragments of magic poured down from the sky. A tremendous amount of magic power was released as the undead collapsed. 
In-gong took deep breaths, while Zephyr called out urgently. 
"It's coming!" 
In-gong’s group weren’t the only ones who had predicted the collapse of the magic circle. The moment the magic circle collapsed, Shutenberg invoked magic which could only be used once. 
The magic circle gathered the spirits of the undead. This was how the already broken undead could stand up and fight again. 
The souls of the undead no longer had any reason to stay on this land once the magic circle was broken. However, they could do great harm... 
And Shutenberg gave these souls a direction. The randomly scattering souls were caught in his magic power and turned into a strong current. 
Shutenberg’s staff aimed at In-gong’s party. At that moment, the hundreds of thousands of souls in the sky drew a huge trajectory and flew towards In-gong’s party! 
Locke thought that last move had been the end. It was the same for Zephyr. Therefore, they didn’t even have time to think about blocking it. 
However, In-gong was different. He looked straight at the torrent of souls and lifted his right hand. He placed the tattered White Eagle and Black Eagle on his left arm and took a deep breath. 
Locke and Zephyr saw In-gong’s intentions and moved towards him. In-gong grabbed the air and summoned a flag of light. 
“Below the King’s Flag!” 
He roared and struck the flag into the ground. At that moment, the huge torrent of souls swallowed up In-gong’s party. 
Kwaaaaaang!
The power of Conquest rose from the flag of light, and In-gong didn’t budge before the torrent of souls.  
The torrent of souls split apart into two across the flag of light.  
Green Wind embraced In-gong from behind. Locke smiled at him, while Zephyr gulped. 
The flag of the light shook, and In-gong groaned with pain. The white woman shouted, 
‘Conquer!’ 
Kwang!
Then the torrent of souls ended. In-gong had endured until the end. 
There was nothing else. The souls scattered and no more torrent of magic power appeared in the snowfield. 
Shutenberg stared at In-gong. In-gong glared at him, despite having exhausted an enormous amount of aura and magic power. Shutenberg’s skull seemed to smile. 
Locke and Zephyr swung their weapons at Shutenberg, and his arms were cut off. He then fell to his knees. 
In-gong transformed the flag of light into a spear and threw it at Shutenberg’s chest, piercing through the lump of magic power in Shutenberg’s chest. 
Shutenberg didn’t fight it, and his body gradually started to collapse. 
Felicia sat down with relief as she saw it from a distance. After witnessing several miracles, she prayed to the gods several times. 
Caitlin laughed loudly. As always, In-gong could be depended on. 
However, Carack’s eyes then widened, and Anastasia had an ominous feeling. 
Zephyr and Locke attacked Shutenberg urgently. However, his body had already started to crumble, so there was no point destroying it quicker. 
[Your level has risen.] 
[Your level has risen.] 
In-gong understood as he listened to the voice of the woman. The torrent of souls wasn’t Shutenberg’s last move. 
He was an apostle, a person who had received the power of the Death Knight. 
His mission was to wipe out everyone who was here. This was his mission for the Death Knight, who had been his master for 1,000 years. 
“Freedom.” 
Shutenberg whispered. The last spell was triggered by sacrificing Shutenberg’s soul. 
The lump of magic power pierced by the spear wriggled. It shone with a blue light and started swelling; it was like looking at the artificial sun In-gong had created. 
Zephyr recognized it and was astonished as the blue gradually darkened. 
This was a black sun... 
A magic which could only be described as a disaster. In the past, when Shutenberg had been called the Half King, this destructive magic had erased the allied forces of five kingdoms from this world. 
The force had been enough to spread over dozens of kilometers. Even if they tried desperately to escape right now, they would not be able to leave the range of the destruction. 
However, Arch Lich Shutenberg couldn’t produce the black sun in such a short time. In his days as the Half King, he had invested at least a decade to produce the black sun. 
The land itself was a trap. Arch Lich Shutenberg had been thinking about self-destruction from the beginning. 
It was a destruction worthy of the Death Knight. 
There was nothing which could stop Shutenberg’s move. 
Locke looked around for Beatrice hurriedly, while Zephyr wondered desperately if there was a way to reduce the magic aftermath or defend against it. 
Anastasia also recognized the black sun, which was why she was desperate. 
Felicia knew about the black sun as well. Just like Zephyr, she tried to think of a way to stop it but couldn’t come up with anything. 
Time passed by, and the black sun became even bigger. It wasn’t long until the time of its destruction. 
Then at that moment... just as everyone was thinking it was a disaster... 
A single wind pierced through In-gong’s group. In-gong laughed while his clothing was in tatters. 
It was only shortly after the fall of the winter king. Therefore, his whole body was messed up. Only half his usual aura remained. 
However, he had to do something. 
The sword duke stared at the black sun. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. 
The extreme nothingness reached by the demon king... 
The sword duke hadn’t reached it. However, he could imagine beyond that. It was possible to almost imitate it once in his life. 
"Look carefully, Prince." 
The sword duke ordered and then wielded his sword. 
An extreme nothingness spread out in front of In-gong. 
&  
There was a line above the black sun. 
It was an attempt to cut the power of destruction. 
Those watching from afar were delighted, and Silvan yelled the sword duke’s name. 
Locke and Zephyr, however, were different because they were closer. Indeed, the sword of the sword duke was truly beautiful. There was no arguing that it reached the extremes of his limit. 
However, the fight with the winter king had made his sword blunt, and the sword duke couldn’t destroy the black sun completely. 
The black sun collapsed. The original destructive power couldn’t emerge, but it could at least wipe out this snowfield. 
The sword duke coughed up blood. Zephyr and Locke sought to surround the black sun with their magic power and auras. 
Then In-gong saw it. Green Wind whispered to In-gong. The white woman also passed her feelings onto In-gong. 
He had done this before. The scale and form were different, but the essence was the same. 
In-gong reached out towards the black sun. To Locke and Zephyr’s shock, the power of Conquest was revealed. 
It was like when In-gong conquered the Thunder Light Anvil. The enormous power of the black sun couldn’t be compared to that time, but In-gong’s power of Conquest had also strengthened. 
Green Wind once again called to In-gong. She embraced In-gong from behind and conveyed her strength. The white woman smiled at In-gong. 
'Punishment, obedience, governance.’ 
This was the power of Conquest. 
In-gong roared. 
A pure white light enveloped the black sun. 
&  
The demon king raised his head. 
Even those who could read the flow of fate couldn’t foresee the future. 
However, he understood... The time had finally come. 
He had to defend it. 
The demon king smiled just as 3rd Queen Sylvia’s face appeared on the telecommunications device. 
The demon king looked towards the north, then he slowly raised his body from the throne.
His sword cried wildly. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 216 - Chapter 45: Demon King #3
Night was approaching.  
The cold darkness had come. 
The Death Knight closed his eyes and welcomed the night. As he took a deep breath, cold air filled his lungs. 
The connection with Arch Lich Shutenberg had been broken. The destruction of his older apostle gave the Death Knight a great deal of emptiness, but the Death Knight didn’t dwell on it. 
It was within the assumed range of possibilities. Even if Shutenberg died, it was enough if the black sun was activated properly. 
The Death Knight took a breath again, consciously driving everything else out from his mind. 
He was aware of how foolish it was to have lingering attachments. 
1,000 years had passed. The day in which everything had changed was too far in the past, so it was okay. The weight of time would protect him. 
The Death Knight barely suppressed the old memories of loss and opened his eyes. The night view of the calm Demon King’s Palace was visible at a glance. 
Death urged him on, while War laughed at the thought of the fight that would take place now. 
The Death Knight raised his sword. 
&  
The blizzard didn’t stop. The snow which headed into the sky started to cover the ground again after the collapse of the magic circle. 
Anastasia, who had closed her eyes tightly against the explosion, opened them again. She sighed with relief as the landscape in front of her hadn’t changed. As the tension in her legs relaxed, they lost strength, and Anastasia fell onto the snow. She stretched her shoulders several times and sighed with relief, using the last of her determination to not fall down. 
The black sun hadn’t exploded, and the power of destruction didn’t cover the snow. 
What had happened? It was hard to imagine the natural collapse of the magic. Arch Lich Shutenberg had used the last of his life to cast the spell. It was more sophisticated than the large magic circle he made, but it was hard to imagine him having made a mistake with the spell. 
At that moment, Felicia stood up from her position a little bit ahead of Anastasia. She staggered like she had no strength in her legs, but her face was filled with joy. 
“Shutra.” 
Felicia mumbled and smiled like a fool. The despair she felt when she saw the black sun had been too great. 
Her heart pounded and her cheeks turned red. She didn’t know for sure what had happened, but she could grasp the situation. 
In-gong had blocked the black sun. She didn’t know what he had used, but she was sure of it. 
It was Shutra, truly Shutra. 
Her cheeks puffed up as her urge to see In-gong grew bigger. She couldn’t stand it anymore. 
“Your Highness.” 
“You will fall. Be careful.” 
Delia and Carack approached and helped Felicia up. Delia couldn’t help smiling warmly and said in a small voice, “Isn’t it good?” 
However, Felicia didn’t hear it. 
As always, Carack was smiling. Felicia felt relieved just seeing that smile. She had never imagined that she would feel relief when looking at the face of an orc, but just like In-gong was In-gong, Carack was also Carack. 
How had In-gong stopped the black sun? Her curiosity as a magician raised its head, but her urge to go and hug In-gong was stronger. 
“Shutra is amazing.” 
Felicia tried to imitate Caitlin. Delia raised her eyebrows at the unexpected words, but Felicia didn’t care. In-gong was truly amazing. 
She took one step and then another one. Although the souls of the undead had been liberated, it was hard to accelerate because of the snow. In the end, Carack offered to help the frustrated Felicia. 
Despite her feelings for Carack, even Delia thought it was rude, but Felicia nodded readily. Her heart sped up even more as she saw Caitlin and Chris in front of him. 
‘Embrace him tightly. Embrace him tightly. Bury my head in Shutra’s chest. And then...’ 
Felicia became shy as she imagined something. Despite the chill from beyond the limit line penetrating into her bones, her red face showed no signs of cooling down at all. 
When Felicia finally reached him, she jumped down from Carack’s back and barely held back her scream. 
Delia followed the direction of Felicia’s gaze, and they froze in place. 
“Shutra! Shutra!” 
Warrior Locke appeared in their sights, and Zephyr was standing next to him. 
Chris stood by his side, while Caitlin was on the ground and shouting angrily. 
In-gong’s figure couldn’t be seen at all. No, In-gong’s always smiling figure couldn’t be found. 
Felicia staggered forward. She almost fell over a few times, but she couldn’t stop. 
In-gong was collapsed in front of Caitlin. His face was pale like he was dead. 
“Unni, Unni. Shutra!” 
Caitlin cried out as she noticed Felicia approaching. She could barely speak properly. 
Felicia closed her eyes and breathed heavily as her heartbeat sped up even more. His face was white. 
Carack rushed over to In-gong and touched his hands and arms. Felicia also touched him with trembling hands. His hands and feet were very cold. On the other hand, his chest was burning hot. 
In In-gong’s body, magic power was leaking out. His aura was no different. There seemed to be a big hole somewhere. 
Felicia was stunned. She could see why Caitlin was crying with despair while holding onto In-gong’s arm. 
Caitlin was connected to In-gong through the Moonlight Core and Sunlight Core. Therefore, she knew it better than anyone else. 
In-gong was dying. His life was leaking out like sand slipping through her fingers. 
It wasn’t just a simple trauma; his soul itself was damaged. Almost all the rings connecting his soul to his body were cut off. 
Recovery magic was useless. Despite knowing this fact, Felicia still used a recovery spell. Nevertheless, there was no change. Caitlin cried even more after seeing Felicia use her magic. 
“What is happening?” 
Felicia muttered. There was no answer, and Felicia closed her eyes tightly. She screamed, 
“What is going on?” 
Felicia cried. She couldn’t hold back the tears. 
“Green Wind! Green Wind! Do you know? Answer me! Green Wind!” 
She shouted desperately, but there was no reply. There was no response from White Eagle which was lying next to In-gong. Felicia had always felt the power of Green Wind, but she couldn’t feel anything there anymore. 
“Unni, what should we do?” 
Caitlin asked. Felicia couldn’t give Caitlin an answer. She just touched In-gong’s cool cheeks with trembling hands. 
“Shutra, it’s Noona. Open your eyes, Shutra. Shutra!” 
He had defeated Arch Lich Shutenberg, and he had blocked the black sun. 
In-gong had created a miracle as always, so she thought he would come back smiling like always. 
‘Then why? Why?!’
Felicia’s body was seething with magic power. It was a result of her magic power’s reaction to her deep sadness and anxiety. If this continued, then Felicia could also be in danger. Locke and Chris, who maintained their calm, were about to speak, but Carack was one step ahead of them. 
“Calm down. Calm down, Princess.” 
Carack grabbed Felicia’s hand. Felicia gazed at Carack with eyes full of tears, while Carack smiled at her. 
“Prince is still alive. He hasn’t died yet. He won’t die so easily. I can feel it. Can Princess feel it as well?” 
“The King’s Knights.”  
Felicia responded to it. She understood what Carack meant. Caitlin had a link between the Moonlight Core and Starlight Core, but Felicia was a member of the King’s Knights and Carack’s words were true. In-gong hadn’t died yet. He was still alive. He was persistently holding onto the string of life. 
In-gong hadn’t given up. So, Felicia couldn’t give up either. Somehow, she had to find a way to revive In-gong. 
Caitlin also tried to stop crying. Carack pulled out a handkerchief from somewhere and handed it to her. 
Chris, who wasn’t part of the King’s Knights, urgently asked if there was a way. Anastasia, who came late, almost stopped breathing after seeing In-gong, and Baikal closed his eyes tightly. 
Felicia thought desperately. The first thing that came to mind were the two saintesses. They could create miracles using the power of the gods... Could that power save In-gong? 
Felicia turned her head and looked at Zephyr. His face was a little darker and harder than usual. 
It was too much. Seeing this, Felicia was reminded of Zephyr’s personality. 
‘No, maybe. Maybe.’ 
Would Zephyr use this opportunity to let In-gong die? Was he going to just watch? 
It was a bad idea, so she didn’t want to believe it. She wanted to maintain a string of hope. 
Zephyr closed his eyes, while Felicia opened her mouth to try and appeal to his sympathies. Then at this moment... 
“I know a way to save Prince.” 
“Sword Duke!” 
Silvan and Chris shouted at the same time. The sword duke was very tired after cutting the black sun. Therefore, the sword duke was in a much weaker state than usual. 
His mouth was red from the numerous times he had coughed up blood. As he caught his breath, he barely managed to speak.
“However, I’m not the one who can do it. Even the Dark Saintess can’t revive 9th Prince."
The sword duke had witnessed everything. In-gong had controlled the black sun. It was a black sun which had been weakened by the sword duke, but it was still amazing. 
However, as a result, In-gong’s soul was twisted. There was a large hole in his soul which was impossible to heal with simple recovery magic. Since In-gong’s origin was a gandharva god, it was difficult to heal him without the divinity of another god. This wasn’t simply treating a trauma... However, using a different divinity was likely to make the condition worse. 
“I have a plan.” 
The sword duke squeezed his sword. It was hard for him to take a step, let alone talk. 
“Princess should already know.” 
The explanation was lacking, but the two people connected to In-gong knew it instinctively. 
Both Felicia and Caitlin knew In-gong’s birth secret, and that's why they were able to infer the correct answer. 
“Go to the gandharva. Only they can save Prince.” 
It was the gandharva who had originally planted the seed of divinity in In-gong. So, they must have a way to restore In-gong’s divinity. 
The moment the sword duke finished speaking, Zephyr suddenly reached out to In-gong. Locke and Chris both reacted, but fortunately, it wasn’t an attack magic. 
Zephyr’s magic power enveloped In-gong’s body. Felicia looked up at Zephyr and asked hesitantly, 
“Zephyr orabeoni?” 
Zephyr frowned at Felicia’s uneasy voice and explained, 
“It is a magic that stops time. It is just a temporary measure, but it should be able to buy him some time.” 
A small smile appeared on Caitlin’s face. Felicia bit her lip and looked at Zephyr. She felt sorry that she had doubted him. No matter what, Zephyr was In-gong’s brother. 
Chris was still suspicious, but Baikal was very relieved. He was the one who felt the greatest joy at Zephyr’s action. 
However, Locke looked at Zephyr with a complicated expression. It was because he had read a small hesitation in Zephyr’s actions. There had been a small moment of distress in Zephyr’s eyes just before he activated the magic. Maybe the first thing he prepared hadn’t been time stopping magic but attack magic. 
However, it was the time stopping magic that Zephyr eventually used. Therefore, Locke didn’t make any comments. 
“Sword Duke, do you know where the gandharva are confined?” 
Anastasia recovered after hearing there was a way to save In-gong and asked carefully. There was hardly anyone who knew the location of the gandharva after they were imprisoned by the sword duke. 
“I know. We can’t go there the usual way, so I will guide...kuk.” 
While the sword duke was replying, he coughed up blood. The sword duke had used up all his energy against the winter king and the black sun. Although it wasn’t as bad as In-gong’s state, the sword duke’s  aura flow was also a mess. 
The sword duke was in a precarious state, and he couldn’t afford to guide the party quickly. 
However, the sword duke was the only one who could guide the party to the gandharva. Therefore, Chris and Silvan couldn’t tell him to rest. 
“No, there is one more person who knows the location of the gandharva.” 
Carack said suddenly. Everyone looked back at Carack who pointed to the succubus rushing towards them. It was a familiar face to Felicia and Caitlin. 
Nayatra... 
It was her. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 217 - Chapter 45: Demon King #4
Unlike the children belonging to ‘Shutra’s faction’, Anastasia didn’t know In-gong’s birth secret. However, the sword duke showed no signs of doubt that In-gong could be restored by going to the gandharva. 
The species had similar appearances and could mix together, but in the end, they were all different. The succubi all had similar bodies, so she thought it was the same for the gandharva. 
Moreover, this was the sword duke. She would’ve believed it even if the story was more absurd. The sword duke had that type of reliable presence for the children of the demon king. 
Instead of wasting time on unnecessary doubts, Anastasia took immediate action. After opening a shield to stop the cold and blizzard, she looked at the time stopping magic Zephyr had used on In-gong. Zephyr had truly used time stopping magic, and according to his words, he had bought some time. 
Meanwhile, Felicia started treating the sword duke. Thanks to In-gong, she was an expert at recovery magic. The sword duke’s aura was in a twisted state, but compared to In-gong, it was an ordinary symptom. She performed as much first aid as she could. 
While Felicia healed the sword duke, the children of the demon king were doing different things. 
Chris ordered Caitlin to look at the status of the two saintesses. They were exhausted from using powerful miracles twice in a row. Additionally, it seemed good to give Caitlin something to do for now. 
Silvan moved along with Caitlin. Once the plan was decided, it was necessary to take care of the troops. An intense battle had just finished, but the troops couldn’t rest well in this freezing weather. 
Chris stared at the backs of the two people as they left together before approaching the sword duke, who was already accompanied by Baikal and Zephyr. 
“The winter king has been brought down.” 
The sword duke said painfully. Chris only knew that the sword duke had been fighting a powerful being, so his eyes widened with surprise. 
The winter king was the king of the northern barbarians. Dealing with him was the biggest reason why the captains had been dispatched to the Aegis Gate. 
Yet the winter king had just been just killed in battle. For the demon king’s army, that was really good news. There was a possibility that the plan for the demon king’s deployment to the Aegis Gate would be completely cancelled. 
The sword duke tried to restore his breathing and closed his eyes like he was falling unconscious. Then he opened them again and said, 
"I will go to the gandharva with 9th Prince. I don’t think I will wake up for a while... So, please do the rest.” 
“I understand, Sword Duke. You can rest now.” 
Baikal said lightly, causing the sword duke to nod slowly and close his eyes. As soon as the sword duke closed his eyes, he immediately lost consciousness. 
Felicia noticed Baikal’s concern and explained the sword duke’s status. 
"It is okay, he is just sleeping. His body is in this state so that it can recover.” 
It seemed like the sword duke wouldn’t be opening his eyes for a few days. Beside him, there was someone else who could lead them to the gandharva. 
Indara sighed with relief as he approached. He bowed to the children of the demon king and carefully examined the sword duke. It was the first time that Baikal had met Indara, but Chris and Felicia allowed him to see the sword duke, so Baikal didn’t feel any distrust. 
"We should hurry. I am concerned about Shutra.” 
“Yes, Orabeoni.” 
Felicia smiled with difficulty through a face covered with tears and headed back to In-gong, who Carack, Vandal, and Nayatra had gathered around. 
Baikal looked at them before shifting his gaze away towards where Locke was standing still while watching In-gong. 
"Chris, I’m sorry. but can I ask for an introduction?” 
Baikal hadn’t seen that person before, so he decided to ask Chris. Chris looked at Locke and started explaining directly instead of calling out to him. 
“His name is Locke. It seems that he is a warrior from the Human World. He joined us over the limit line.” 
“Warrior? A warrior from the Human World?” 
Baikal asked with amazement, while Zephyr looked like he already knew it. Chris looked between the two people and nodded. 
"Yes, a mighty warrior. He said that he came to make sure the fight in the Demon World doesn’t spill over to the Human World.” 
“The fight? The one with Shutenberg?” 
"Something similar. The people with him are the Saintess and the Mercenary King.” 
Arch Lich Shutenberg had showed tremendous abilities in the previous life. Although he had built up the magic in this land for many years, the fact that he had managed to create the magic circle in the first place proved his greatness. 
Moreover, Shutenberg had mobilized the winter king for this battle, which meant that Shutenberg had a close connection to the northern barbarians. If Shutenberg had summoned all the northern barbarians here, then it would’ve been a much bigger fight. 
“Saintess and Mercenary King...” 
Baikal’s gaze moved towards the warrior’s companions. 
Baikal might have had a gentle nature, but he wasn’t foolish, nor did he trust easily. Unlike Chris who had spent several days with the warrior, Baikal lacked the materials to judge him. He didn’t know if he could trust the warrior or not. Could he leave his younger siblings unattended with this warrior? 
There was no Shutra right now, so there was no one among Shutra’s group who could stop the warrior. The battle against Shutenberg proved that the warrior was much stronger than Chris. 
However, Baikal decided to have faith. It was a unique situation, but he also trusted Chris’ eyes. 
"Unfortunately, I’ll have to postpone meeting them until next time.” 
The best thing was to move together, but that was unreasonable. At this point, the party would have to scatter. 
“Chris, Shutra and the sword duke… as well as Felicia and Caitlin, please look after them. I have to return to the Aegis Gate and inform the captains about the situation. 
"Yes, Hyung-nim.” 
It was as Chris had expected. The flow of magic power beyond the limit line was so violent that telecommunication magic was extremely difficult to use. Someone had to go to the north to pass on the situation to the captains. 
“Zephyr, what will you do?” 
"I will go back to the north.” 
Zephyr replied quickly. His response was also as expected, so Baikal just smiled. He wanted to entrust escorting In-gong’s group to Zephyr. Although he trusted Chris’ eyes, he still worried about his younger siblings. In-gong was currently collapsed, so Zephyr was the only one who could go against the warrior. 
‘And it is really surprising.’ 
Baikal had heard that In-gong had become stronger, but he had never imagined it would be by this much. 
He had only seen the fight from a distance, but he could tell with one glance; In-gong was currently on par with Zephyr’s strength. Maybe he was even stronger. 
Baikal was reminded of the In-gong—Shutra—he had seen last year. It was a big change, but Baikal had almost no contact with In-gong previously. At most, it was just a few presents once a year. 
As Baikal closed his eyes, he organized his thoughts on In-gong’s strength. Even if the talent had blossomed late, it was a tremendous growth. However, there were more urgent things to think about right now. 
Baikal took his troops and moved towards the Aegis Gate, while Chris returned to Caitlin without any delay. 
Zephyr stood alone and stared at the spot where the black sun had disappeared. Then he turned around and looked at In-gong’s party. 
The succubus, who knew the location of the gandharva, was standing next to Vandal with an expression of worry. 
She looked somehow familiar, and Zephyr felt a strange connection to her, like when he saw Vandal or Sektum.  
Zephyr’s gaze moved a little further away. It was at Locke. He was also looking at Zephyr. 
A warrior of the Human World... 
Locke was an unexpected variable, but instead of feeling reluctance, Zephyr welcomed him. He had been a great help in the fight against Shutenberg. 
Zephyr closed his eyes. He took a deep breath and suppressed his doubts about In-gong. The power In-gong had shown during the fight against Shutenberg certainly resembled the power of Death and War, but it was also different. Maybe it was just a groundless anxiety. 
Death and War... That was the only way to describe the energy and the gazes which had always been looking at him from the north. 
Zephyr opened his eyes abruptly, then he looked towards the north. He didn’t feel any gazes. It was possible that their power had been pushed away by the violent vortex of magic power. So, it wasn’t unusual to not feel their gazes. 
However, Zephyr felt anxious, and he remembered the aura of Death around Shutenberg.  
He had always felt their gazes during a big fight, yet he hadn’t felt anything in this one. 
Why? 
Was it really because he was beyond the limit line? 
Zephyr turned instinctively, and his gaze headed south. 
&  
The Demon King’s Palace was huge. It was also the strongest city in the Demon World and was protected by high and thick walls.  
The Demon King’s Palace had never been invaded, and nobody had ever dared attack the palace. 
However, that was now a story of the past. 
The Demon King’s Palace was burning. The power of War swelled and grew into a force which devoured the entire Demon King’s Palace. Thanks to the height of the flames, the black sky was turning red. 
The War Knight walked among the flames, with War always by his side.  
In the midst of the burning world, War closed her eyes. The red woman counted calmly. 
‘500 years.’ 
That was the duration of the Demon King’s Palace’s history. Compared to 1,000 years, it was too short. 
Since waking up after nearly 1,000 years ago, the red woman had observed the Demon King’s Palace. So, she was sure of it. 
The tradition of the Sanctuary had been disconnected. It was natural that it hadn’t been able to continue for 1,000 years. 
Shouting rang out in the distance. Compare to those who guarded the walls, these people were strong. They were obviously the guardians of the Demon King’s Palace. Maybe the demon king’s royal guards had started to move. 
The War Knight raised his sword slowly. The red woman hugged herself in the darkness and groaned.  
However, it wasn’t because of the fighting that would soon begin, nor was it due to fear of the upcoming bloody battle. 
The red woman felt it, and she was thrilled. With envious eyes, she looked at the Black Castle, which was called the true Demon King’s Palace. 
The one who protected the Demon World... 
The strongest person in the Demon World... 
He was approaching. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 218 - Chapter 45: Demon King #5
The Death Knight took a step forward. He stood alone among the flames and screams coming from every direction. 
The Death Knight and War Knight weren’t the only ones attacking the Demon King’s Palace. Many troops had been prepared for today. 
The apostles of War were raging everywhere. They were those who lived for war, so the battlefield was the only place where they could feel this pleasure. 
There were also the apostles of Death. Every one of them was old, and some of them had lived even longer than Arch Lich Shutenberg. 
The Death Knight raised his sword, which was already covered with blood. The Death Knight’s sword was enveloped in the power of Death, so all the dead were reborn as undead which hated the living. It was thanks to the power of Death that the Demon King’s Palace became so chaotic in such a short period of time. 
It was a horrible chain where the mother bit the child and then the child bit the father. The Death Knight recalled the past. Even though a long time had passed, the memories still remained clear in his head. He remained silent as he gazed at the scene he had created with his own hands. 
There wasn’t much left. He had exhausted everything in today’s fight. 
The Famine Knight had disappeared before even joining them. Then Arch Lich Shutenberg and the winter king had disappeared beyond the limit line along with the Conquest Knight, the warrior, and the other children of the demon king. 
The attack on the Demon King’s Palace was using the last of the Death Knight’s forces. He had no more troops.  
It would be foolish to take a step back. 
The Four Knights of the Apocalypse desired the destruction of the world, not the collapse of the Demon King’s Palace.  
The Demon King’s Palace was just a single city. Its disappearance wouldn’t cause the whole of the Demon World to collapse. 
It would just cause confusion. Since the focal point of the demon world was gone, there would clearly be an uproar. The Death Knight hoped the war between species would happen again. 
However, that was still far from destruction. 
Even if Arch Lich Shutenberg disappeared with the other children of the demon, 3rd Prince Victor still remained in the west. There were also children of the concubines who were performing missions outside the Demon King’s Palace.
Additionally, the queens were outside the palace. 1st Queen Aishar Ragnaros remained at the Demon King’s Palace, but there was a big difference between her and the other queens. The 1st Queen was the daughter of King Zanskal of the draconians, while the other queens were the leaders of their species. Harming the 1st Queen was different from harming the others. 
It would be inefficient and stupid to waste his remaining forces on attacking the Demon King’s Palace just for a slight chance of restarting the Era of Struggle. Rather, it would be more effective to raise the northern barbarians along with the winter king and Shutenberg. 
Nevertheless, the Death Knight attacked the Demon King’s Palace.  
Despite everything else, he tried to erase the Demon King’s Palace from the world.  
However, it wasn’t due to a personal grudge, and it was far from clinging to an obsession. 
This was necessary. Everything he had done so far would end with the destruction of the Demon King’s Palace. 
Feeling what the War Knight felt, the Death Knight paused for a second and took a deep breath.  
A certain person was approaching. Instead of fleeing the Demon King’s Palace, he had chosen to fight. 
He was the king—the Demon World’s protector. 
It was something the Death Knight had hoped for, but he couldn’t help feeling a little bit of bitterness. He both admired and despised the demon king for his devotion.  
Then the Death Knight stepped forward again.  
It was time to settle this. 
&  
Four of the five captains of the Demon King’s Palace were in the north. 
Reinhardt, a yaksha and the only remaining captain, was furious at the sight of the scene at the Demon King’s Palace. As befitting of his nickname ‘the Silent Knight’, he didn’t speak. He simply rushed toward the War Knight as flames covered the red armour on the War Knight’s body. 
It was at that moment that Reinhardt discovered that the opponent was a woman. However, he didn’t have any problems with that. 
With every stroke, Reinhardt tried to smash her. He was a yaksha and several times bigger than the red woman in front of him. Rather than a sword, he wielded a greatsword which contained a huge blunt force. 
The War Knight received Reinhardt’s sword. As soon as it was blocked, her sword moved to the side of Reinhardt’s sword, seeming to slip down along its side smoothly. 
Reinhardt’s sword soon landed on the ground. The War Knight was silent, but War laughed. Then she sped up. 
The movements of the War Knight became faster and faster, and the crescent sword curved toward Reinhardt’s throat. 
Simultaneously, flames burst out everywhere. The apostles of War, riding on fire, rushed towards the guards. 
&  
It had started with the removal of the guardians around the Demon World.  
Numerous guardians had been killed, and by the time the Demon King’s Palace had noticed the guardians were being hunted, half of the target number had already been achieved. 
The transformation of lands into deserts or wilderness was merely an additional effect as the goal wasn’t the devastation of the Demon World. 
What were the guardians in the first place? Why had the lands been devastated after the disappearance of the guardians? 
The reason for the latter was simple. 
The Demon World was originally a land where people couldn’t live, and it had become like this due to the red dragon.  
This wasn’t devastation. It was just giving a glimpse of the Demon World’s original appearance. 
If so, who had created the present Demon World? Who had put a shell over the ravaged world?  
Moreover, if it wasn’t for the sake of destruction, why had the Death Knight peeled off the shell? 
There was one more meaning to the shell... 
&  
The fact that the Demon King’s Palace was being attacked spread quickly. In addition to the three queens outside the castle, the four captains in the north also heard about the urgent situation. 
However,  the transportation formations didn’t activate. They had been destroyed before they could even be used. The first job of the Death Knight’s underlings was to destroy the transportation formations. 
The three queens showed different actions. 3rd Queen Sylvia hurried to the Demon King’s Palace. Since the transportation formation of the palace wasn’t in action, she wanted to use the one nearest to the Demon King’s Palace. 
4th Queen Elaine wasn’t in a better situation. She also wanted to head to the palace in a hurry, but she was outdoors, not at the palace of the lycanthropes. Elaine didn’t love the demon king, but she didn’t hate him; she simply thought it was for the best that he rule over the entire Demon World. 
Elaine sped up along with her Blood Companions. Their goal was a transportation formation close to the Demon King’s Palace. 
2nd Queen Titania Nekrion didn’t rush. She remained calm despite hearing that she couldn’t move directly to the Demon King’s Palace through the transportation formation. It wasn’t because she was cold-blooded or not worried about the demon king. 
Among the queens, she was the one who believed in the demon king’s strength the most. Thus, she was able to keep a calm state despite the Demon King’s Palace being attacked.
The three queens were leading their armies towards the palace in their own way. The problem was whether they would make it in time. 
&  
The red dragon and elder dragons had been annihilated in the fight more than 10,000 years ago. After that, the Four Riders of the Apocalypse had suffered such big damage that they slept for thousands of years. 
Then in the battle 1,000 years ago, the Four Riders of the Apocalypse and the new elder dragons had met.  
It had been unfair. 
Recorder Torres had used some wickedness to deceive Conquest.  
Additionally, there had been a crucial difference between the two fights. 
The red dragon...  
It was the dragon of extinction which had led the Four Riders of the Apocalypse. 
The elder dragons had been replaced by new ones, and the numbers filled up again. The riders had returned as well. 
However, the red dragon hadn’t returned. The red dragon alone had been completely freed from this world. 
Why?  
What was the reason? 
The difference between the two fights wasn’t just the red dragon.  
One more difference existed... 
And the Death Knight knew what it was. 
&  
10,000 years ago, the Death Knight had been the king of the indigenous species. 
He had been the ruler of the Demon World and the father of the people.  
The king had done his best to fight against the red dragon and the Four Riders of the Apocalypse. No one could deny his struggle. 
However, eventually, he had been defeated.  
The king had been caught by the Four Riders of the Apocalypse and had to watch his people die. 
Although defeated, he had still been the most powerful warrior and magician of the indigenous species. Death had then turned the king into his knight, and the king of the indigenous species became the Death Knight and slaughtered his own people. 
All of that had worn his spirit down. In the end, the only thing left had been a shell of the former king. 
The indigenous species hadn’t despaired over losing their king and continued the desperate resistance. The six elder dragons with the powers of the gods had fought with the indigenous species. 
A long battle had ensued which then devastated the entire Demon World. At the end of the fight, the indigenous species had been completely destroyed. 
They hadn’t been wiped out because they had been embroiled in the fight. There was no way that one species could be destroyed so completely. 
The indigenous species of the Demon World had cast the ultimate magic to defend the Demon World, so all of the indigenous species died at the same time on the same day. Their souls had united together into a mighty power. 
This power had decided the last fight. It had prevented the red dragon, whose soul had been destroyed by the Drakon Kechatulla, from resurrecting in this world. 
The entire Demon World was covered with the magic of abundance. One of the new elder dragons born after the great war, Watcher Ainkel, imitated the magic of the indigenous species and enriched Enger Plains. 
Simultaneously, the magic of abundance was also a seal. Every spell of abundance in an area was one seal. 
There were hundreds of barriers between the Demon World and the place where the red dragon’s soul was expelled to. 
Over time, the significance of the abundance became larger than the seal. In the first place, the indigenous species had placed more weight on that side. The abundance had been a solution to the problems which they had been facing right then, rather than worrying about the red dragon. 
As years passed by, the people slowly forgot about the seals. Even the abundance had been incomplete when it was handed down through guardians. 
The Death Knight had destroyed the seals slowly over a long period of time. It wasn’t necessary to destroy all of the seals. He just needed to weaken the seals so that the red dragon could use its own power to break the barrier. 
The War Knight had started her activities in earnest and helped the Death Knight. After making trouble in various places and driving away the attention of the gazes of those in the Demon King’s Palace, the Death Knight destroyed the seals on the far side and prepared to call the red dragon. 
There were strong and weak seals.  
Sometimes the seals were in the form of things other than abundance magic. 
The Death Knight had caused the ghost of the fairy king to run wild. As as result, the seal that the fairy king held had been destroyed by the children of the demon king. One powerful seal had disappeared along with the magic fog that covered Sky Forest. 
The goal had been achieved. Thanks to that, the Death Knight started moving. He exposed the home of Arch Lich Shutenberg to bring all the powerful variables there. 
The sword duke, whom the Death Knight and War Knight didn’t know when and where he could appear, turned towards the limit line. The Conquest Knight and Drakon Kechatulla of the Human World were also with him. Additionally, there was 2nd Prince Zephyr Ragnaros. 
The captains were gathered at the Aegis Gate. Predicting their movements was as easy as staring into the palm of his hand. 
The last thing was the Demon King’s Palace. Thus, the Death Knight had risen from his throne and headed there.  
However, the goal wasn’t the Demon King’s Palace. The Demon King’s Palace was just a place. There was something else which should be deleted from the world. 
“Protector of the Demon World.” 
It was the demon king. The demon king wasn’t the ruler of the Demon World; he was the one who protected it. 
The first demon king had ended the Era of Struggle. 
He had been the guardian of the Sanctuary. Although he had traveled outside the Sanctuary to wage war during the Era of Struggle, his true role hadn’t changed. 
The demon king himself was the most powerful seal. 
He wasn’t simply a guardian but the source of the Sanctuary’s strength. 
This was why the strongest person had to be the demon king. Therefore, the demon king was the guardian of the Demon World. 
The Demon King’s Palace was burning. Flames rose into the night sky, and the screams of those dwelling in the palace could be heard as the sounds of fighting rang out. 
The Death Knight gave strength to the hand holding his sword, and the power of Death exploded out!  
The colour of death was blue, and that dark blue energy swallowed up the surrounding area. Simultaneously, the apostles of Death appeared. Their goal was the same. 
The current demon king... the sura king, Mitra... 
He had made his way straight to this place like he knew who was responsible for everything. The sword in his hand cried out wildly. 
The aura of Death was like a great snake as it tried to swallow the demon king. The various aura, magics, and psychic powers of the apostles of Death headed toward the demon king simultaneously. 
The guards behind the demon king couldn’t respond properly. They were overwhelmed by the power of Death and could only watch. 
The Death Knight stared at what was before him, while the demon king faced the Death Knight from a distance away. Then he wielded his sword towards all the malice in front of him. 
It was just one swing, but it wasn’t an ordinary swing. The sword cut through the air and crushed the power of Death. All the auras, magics, and psychic powers heading toward the demon king disappeared. It was like the world itself had been cut apart. 
The apostles of Death gulped. The guards were also overwhelmed by the absolute power of the demon king. 
After watching this scene, the Death Knight understood and was convinced of something. He could only acknowledge it after watching this scene. It was the reason why he had to remove all the external variables, including the sword duke. 
It was because of the strongest person in the Demon World... 
And what that meant. 
The demon king swung his sword one more time. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 219 - Chapter 45: Demon King #6
In-gong opened his eyes. It was dark. Although the sky and the earth was dark, In-gong could see himself clearly; he was dressed in the white clothing he frequently wore in everyday life. 
He didn’t see any of the equipment from the elder dragons, such as White Eagle and Earth Quaker. Additionally, he was barefoot. 
‘For sure...’ 
In-gong had used the power of Conquest to defeat Arch Lich Shutenberg’s black sun, and he couldn’t remember anything after that. 
He thought he had died, but he then shook his head. His attempt to save everyone hadn’t been unsuccessful. Moreover, this space was very familiar to In-gong. It was the first time he had entered it, but he had seen it several times. 
In-gong turned around slowly. As expected, a woman with white hair and a golden crown was standing before him. 
It was the first time they had faced each other in this space. In-gong approached the white woman, who was slightly shorter than In-gong. She looked up at him with red and blue eyes, as In-gong had unknowingly arrived right in front of her. 
“It is continuing. He is coming.” 
There was fear in the white woman’s voice, and her shoulders trembled with anxiety. 
The white woman took one step toward In-gong, reaching out and touching his chest. 
The forces of Conquest were communicated through the palm of her hand. In-gong’s and the white woman’s consciousness became connected. 
In-gong closed his eyes reflexively, and he saw the Demon King’s Palace burning in the darkness. 
&  
The demon king wielded his sword. The heavens seemed to shake every time he moved. 
The apostles of Death couldn’t receive the demon king’s sword. Only the Death Knight was barely able to meet it. 
The demon king’s strength was absolute; his aura and magic power were beyond imagination. It was impossible for the apostles of Death to approach the battlefield itself. 
The Death Knight felt both astonishment and wonder. The power of the demon king, Mitra, was the strongest among the previous guardians of the Sanctuary. He had expected the demon king to be strong, but he never imagined things to be like this. 
The demon king’s overwhelming magic power dominated the whole space. The flow of the magic power sealed off all use of magic in the area. The demon king couldn’t use magic either, but it didn’t matter to him. His sword and aura exceeded his magic. 
In-gong was watching the demon king’s fight, and naturally, he understood why he was seeing it. The powers of the Four Riders of the Apocalypse were getting stronger. This was one of Conquest’s lost powers, as she had originally been in charge of leading the four riders. 
It was a situation where the demon king was superior to everyone else. However, In-gong gritted his teeth with nervousness. 
The demon king was rushing. He was suffering from a deep illness and couldn’t exert such power forever. 
“He… is coming.” 
The white woman said in a trembling voice. As the Conquest Knight, In-gong could feel it as well. The sky was beginning to turn red. 
&  
Recorder Torres had thought the red dragon had already vanished. He hadn’t been able imagine that a soul without a body could endure outside the world for such a long time. 
However, Torres’ prediction had been misguided. 
&  
3rd Queen Sylvia gasped for breath. After exiting the transportation formation with her troops, she looked in the direction of the Demon King’s Palace. 
The sky was red, and an unbearably ominous feeling filled her entire body. 
She had picked the closest transportation formation, but she was still a considerable distance away from the Demon King’s Palace. This was a distance which couldn’t be narrowed instantly with magic power. 
“Please, please.” 
Sylvia begged while shaking her head to stop her tears from escaping. She had pretended not to know, but she had already guessed about the demon king’s illness. 
The magic power in Sylvia’s body sprang up energetically. 
&  
The dying War Knight killed Reinhardt. Her right arm was cut off, and her abdomen and shoulders were severely injured. Additionally, the armour wrapped around her body was almost completely broken. 
She had fought hastily against Reinhardt, but War still smiled brightly despite knowing the War Knight was dying. After filling the broken body with the energy of war, the War Knight ran to where the Death Knight and the demon king was fighting. 
The power of the demon king was enormous enough to be felt from a huge distance, but over time, the strength of the Sanctuary became weaker. 
War shouted loudly towards the sky. Over the years, the War Knight had set magic spells all over the Demon World, and the result of this was the strongest light shining out from the Death Knight’s throne beyond the Northern Limit Line. The power of numerous sacrifices had been gathered in one place for many years.
The power called out angrily. This was a cry which could reach them. 
As a result of the Sanctuary’s barrier distorting, a crack started to appear in the red-tinged sky. 
War was delighted, and the War Knight moved quickly. 
&  
The white woman cried out. He was coming. The red dragon was approaching outside the world, but he still couldn’t reach. The Sanctuary’s barrier was blocking him. However, it was only a matter of time. 
Conquest didn’t want to perish. She didn’t want so many lives to burn again. 
The white woman begged and cried. However, regardless of her will, the power of Conquest rose. 
In-gong looked at the sky above the Demon King’s Palace. The crack was growing. 
&  
It was lucky. 
The Death Knight truly thought so. 
Originally, he had thought that killing the demon king would cause a crack. However, the Death Knight’s calculations were wrong. Everything was different from what he had expected. 
The demon king’s illness was deeper than he’d thought. Over the last 10,000 years, the power of the Sanctuary had weakened, while the red dragon’s power was preserved beyond imagination. 
The demon king also noticed the extraordinary event in the sky. Whether he knew about the existence of the red dragon or not didn’t matter. He just had to keep his promise. 
The crack grew bigger, and the aura rising from the body of the demon king became stronger. Now, the Death Knight couldn’t take the demon king’s sword anymore. 
The apostles of death were already virtually wiped out, and the disturbances happening in various parts of the Demon World subsided. However, this wasn’t a good thing. 
War burst out laughing. Then the War Knight ran between the Death Knight and the demon king. There was a dazzling aura around her, like she was burning her last flame. 
Her movements were faster than the eyes could see. When it came to just swordsmanship, the War Knight was probably the best. However, the demon king wasn’t confused by her dazzling movements, and his sword broke down her sword dance. 
The War Knight stumbled backwards from the impact. The Death Knight quickly tried to protect the War Knight, but the demon king was faster. 
The second attack of the demon king stabbed the War Knight in the chest. The War Knight, who was already dying after the battle with Reinhardt, could no longer endure her injuries. The upper half of the War Knight exploded. Her body burst, and the red energy of War was released. It was something that War had prepared after giving up on the War Knight. 
As the demon king confronted the aura of War, he pulled out the sword from the War Knight’s chest and released his aura. The white aura pushed away War’s aura, and he swung his sword again. 
The aura of War was split apart. However, the demon king didn’t stop there and cut deeper. For the first time since she had appeared on the battlefield, War screamed in pain. She tried to block, but the demon king’s sword was faster. 
War didn’t scream again. The brutal blow broke the aura of War itself. War had lost her mediator, the War Knight, and could no longer intervene, just like Famine. She just felt terrible pain. 
At that moment, the sword of the Death Knight stabbed the demon king. There was a sharp sensation at the tip of the sword. A huge wall of magic power pushed roughly at the Death Knight. 
The Death Knight accepted it without any resistance. After being pushed aside, he stared at the demon king. 
The demon king was breathing roughly. Blood could be seen between his lips, but his sword didn’t shake. Despite the fact that his life force had already weakened, the aura surrounding his body was still a blazing light. 
The Death Knight declared, 
“It is too late. You can’t stop us now. He will be back.” 
The ceremony was already underway. The crack in the sky grew bigger, and the demon king didn’t have much aura and magic power left. Eventually, the illness would take his spirit. 
The demon king looked up at the sky. He was able to see the flow of destiny, and it was just as the Death Knight said. 
Beyond the crack, a presence was looking this way. It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that the presence was the end of everything. 
However... 
The demon king closed his eyes. Instead of letting go, he calmed his breathing and whispered using magic power. 
Sylvia then heard the demon king’s voice. She cried and tried to refuse his words. 
Elaine, who was running towards the Demon King’s Palace, froze in place. She saw the red-tinged sky and the big crack, and understood the demon king’s words. Thus, she shed tears for the demon king. 
2nd Queen Titania couldn’t believe his words. The demon king was an absolute existence for her. Meanwhile, 1st Queen Aishar bit her lip and stopped herself from crying. 
All the survivors running away from the Demon King’s Palace spoke the name of the demon king, and he issued his last command. 
In-gong saw all of this as the white woman cried sadly. The crack became bigger, and the outline of the red dragon started to appear. 
The demon king didn’t run away. He knew that if that crack was left alone, the formidable presence would descend to the ground without any interruptions. He had to stop it. At the very least, he needed to buy some time for everyone in the Demon King’s Palace to run away. 
“Shutra, Semita’s and my child.” 
The demon king said. In-gong was confused but quickly understood. The demon king could feel In-gong watching through Conquest. 
The demon king didn’t talk for long. Now wasn’t the time to share questions and answers. 
This was the last message. So, the demon king had to show him. 
The thing he was planning to do now... he could only show it once. 
The demon king held out his sword, and his gaze turned to the crack in the sky. In-gong realized it now. He understood what the demon king was going to tell him. 
The Death Knight’s eyes widened. He raised the aura of Death desperately, but it was useless. This space was already under the demon king’s control. His aura and magic power were flooding the world. 
How far would it go? 
The demon king didn’t feel any doubts, nor had he been deceived. A faint smile appeared on the demon king’s face. 
The demon king’s sword turned towards the sky. The Death Knight screamed, and the red dragon roared from behind the shattered crack. 
"Watch carefully. This is extreme nothingness.” 
Those were the demon king’s last words. 
Then a pure white light split the sky. 
[TL Note] I forgot to mention it in the last chapter but the mainly gender neutral nature of the Korean language means I have to guess the gender of the characters a lot of the time. The War Knight was finally revealed as a female in the last chapter.
In addition, please read this important 
announcement post
.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 220 - Chapter 46 - Warrior God 
The last thing In-gong saw was the demon king’s back. White light covered his field of view and nothing more could be seen. 
His eyesight was blurry, so In-gong closed his eyes reflexively. When he opened them again, he saw the white woman instead of the Demon King’s Palace. 
The connection was closed. It was the power of Conquest which had allowed him to see the Demon King’s Palace in the first place. However, the disconnection wasn’t due to the white woman. The problem was clearly with the Death Knight and Death at the Demon King’s Palace. 
In-gong felt lightheaded. The white woman also had a pained look on her face. 
“In-gong, be my master.” 
The white woman called out in a small voice. It had been a long time since he had been called In-gong instead of Shutra, so In-gong felt a slight discomfort. 
The white woman’s hand was still on In-gong’s chest. Although the link was now thinner than at the beginning, their minds were still connected. 
Several images entered his head. The white woman bit her lip before speaking again. 
"The demon king… he created time.” 
The white woman couldn’t tell what exactly had happened, but the growing power of Conquest had subsided. The connection with the red dragon was also unstable. 
The demon king had used a move which contained extreme nothingness. 
It overturned the entire situation. The advent of the red dragon, which had been planned by the Death Knight, became a mess. The will of the red dragon had been about to devour the will of the white woman, but it couldn’t reach her anymore. 
The demon king had created time. He had made some time for them. 
In-gong understood. He remembered the extreme nothingness he’d seen. 
The white woman’s hand touched In-gong’s cheeks and wiped the tears which had started to flow down.  
It was Shutra’s tears which hadn’t been able to be expressed until now. 
The demon king, Mitra had been the strongest person in the Demon World… the protector of the Demon World.
In-gong closed his eyes. This time, the white woman embraced In-gong. As their minds were still connected, he was able to realize something. 
The white woman was afraid. She truly didn’t want the burning of the world to be repeated. 
However, the white woman didn’t express it. She hid her fear and showed a kind smile to In-gong. 
In-gong once again felt lightheaded, and a sharp feeling passed through his head. It was hard to maintain consciousness. 
"In-gong, you should sleep a little longer.” 
He had only woken up because it was an urgent situation. In-gong’s spirit was still a mess due to the black sun Arch Lich Shutenberg had created. In-gong needed time to recover. 
“You aren’t alone. Those outside are trying to save you.” 
Many faces appeared in his fuzzy mind. Maybe he was seeing the scene outside for a moment. Caitlin was crying with a messy expression, while Felicia was yelling for help. He also saw Carack and Nayatra, as well as the faces of Locke and Zephyr. 
In-gong fell deeper into his consciousness. At that moment, another voice aside from the white woman’s was heard. 
“Master!” 
It was Green Wind. She appeared unexpectedly before In-gong and embraced him as usual. The white woman’s eyes widened with surprise. Her surprise was passed onto In-gong through their connection. 
This was Conquest’s space which was located at the deepest part of In-gong’s soul. So, Conquest was surprised that Green Wind had appeared here. 
“Master is my master. He isn’t your master. He’s my master.” 
Green Wind said suddenly in a young voice. 
The white woman blinked before regaining her composure. She felt a little uncomfortable due to Green Wind’s eyes, but she accepted it. Conquest knew that Green Wind’s reaction was derived from a deep affection for In-gong. 
As the white woman stared at her freely, Green Wind’s determination weakened. However, her two arms didn’t let go as she held In-gong tightly. 
The white woman gave a small laugh and suppressed her fears firmly. Then her gaze turned back to In-gong. 
"In-gong, go to sleep now. I will see you soon.” 
The white woman touched In-gong’s cheek. It was a soft and warm touch. 
In-gong closed his eyes, and he once again recalled the demon king’s back. 
Then he fell into a deep sleep. 
&  
Quanta flew in the sky above the limit line at a really terrifying speed. 
There were approximately a dozen people on Quanta’s back and every one of them was unusual. 
Felicia and Anastasia were sitting side-by-side at the front and using magic. 
Anastasia reduced the air resistance with her magic power, while Felicia restored her strength. Both of them were using magic which improved the efficiency of ‘faster than the wind’. 
Thanks to this, Quanta had been flying at full speed for several hours. 
Two women were sweating while laying next to each other. They were the saintesses of the Human World and the Demon World, Beatrice and Altesia. Due to an excessive abuse of their divine power, the two people were exhausted. However, everybody wasn’t that worried as they were accustomed to the princesses being exhausted. 
Baikal spread out magic barriers to protect everyone on Quanta’s back. It wasn’t the first time he’d had to maintain magic for hours, so his complexion wasn’t good, but he didn’t feel like it was unreasonable. After all, he was the oldest among the children of the demon king. So, both his aura and magic power were powerful. 
In-gong and the sword duke were lying next to each other in the middle. Unlike the two saintesses, the gazed watching them weren’t that unconcerned. 
Caitlin held In-gong’s hand and seemed like she would cry at any moment. She wanted to help In-gong recover using the power of the Starlight Core, but the situation was different this time. It was possible that Caitlin’s own flesh would be destroyed as well as In-gong if she intervened. 
She eventually cried again while worrying if the gandharva could really restore In-gong. In-gong’s condition was serious. She sensed it because of the connection between the Starlight Core and Moonlight Core. It wasn’t possible for him to recover using ordinary means. 
Chris patted Caitlin and comforted her, while Silvan looked between the sword duke and Felicia with anxious eyes. Felicia looked smaller and thinner today. 
Carack was silent and didn’t say anything. Daphne was on standby, ready to take Felicia’s place at any time, and Amita pulled out a bottle of Heavenly Wine while being hugged by Daphne. 
Nayatra was looking towards the east. It was the direction of the gandharva. As the sword duke said, it wasn’t a place which could be accessed through ordinary means. There gandharva were in a very remote location, and a considerable distance had to be crossed using the transportation formation. 
It had already been a few hours since there was any dialogue amongst the group. Locke raised his head and looked around. His gaze moved past Carlov toward Zephyr who was sitting alone. 
The work over the limit line regarding Shutenberg was done, but the children of the demon king weren’t moving hastily just because of In-gong and the sword duke’s injuries. At first, the group had decided to head to different places. However, Zephyr suddenly got on Quanta’s back and said they should all move together. 
Even though Quanta was heading east, Zephyr often looked to the south towards the Demon King’s Palace. Locke got up and approached Zephyr. 
Zephyr was known as the strongest prince all over the Demon World. 
Locke got a strange feeling from Zephyr. He thought it was a fateful encounter, but it was different from when he met Beatrice or Carlov. 
It felt like he was facing his fated enemy, not half of his soul. 
However, that didn’t mean there was a strong hostility. Rather, it seemed like they could be friends. 
Locke took a deep breath. He would have to become friends with Zephyr at a later date. It was more important to finish the work in front of them immediately. 
Unlike the others, Locke was able to somewhat guess the reason why Zephyr was in a hurry. Locke, Zephyr, and In-gong all had one thing in common. 
‘The equipment of an elder dragon.’ 
After Arch Lich Shutenberg had been defeated, the Warrior’s Sword suddenly reacted violently. It seemed to be announcing danger. 
The elder dragon pieces which In-gong was wearing seemed to react in a similar manner. Additionally, Cruel Talia’s armour owned by Zephyr had done the same. 
What was going on outside the limit line? 
‘The Death Knight and War Knight.’ 
Those two popped into his head. It was obvious that the two Knights of the Apocalypse were doing something big. 
Locke remembered something from a few hours ago. Zephyr had hesitated before using the time stopping magic on In-gong. 
He might’ve hesitated at the thought of having a powerful rival for the position of demon king. When Locke thought about it objectively, that was the most natural answer. However, Locke thought differently. 
Zephyr had noticed that In-gong was the Conquest Knight. Therefore, he was worried about treating In-gong. 
How much did Zephyr know? Was it because he had judged In-gong to be an ally that he finally used the magic? 
Zephyr turned his attention to Locke who was approaching him, but it was only for a moment. Then he looked back towards the south. 
Zephyr had no expression on his face, but he couldn’t hide the worry in his eyes. He was truly concerned about the Demon World. 
Instead of speaking, Locke turned towards the south. It wasn’t far from the limit line. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 221 - Chapter 46 - Warrior God #2
Dawn arrived after the night, but the darkness wasn’t completely pushed away. 
Dark clouds covered the sky. An angry wind swept across like a blade, and it seemed like the atmosphere was screaming. 
Under the dark sky, 4th Queen Elaine Moonlight gulped. 
The Demon King’s Palace had disappeared. 
Literally… the Demon King’s Palace had disappeared overnight. The high walls and streets where tens of thousands of people had lived were all destroyed. It was hard to find traces of anything as everything had been turned into ashes. 
The only thing visible was a wilderness, as if nothing had been there in the first place. It felt like a dream that the Demon King’s Palace had been there until yesterday. 
Elaine felt lightheaded. Her breathing became heavy just from looking at it. 
It wasn’t just the wilderness which caught her eyes. At the center of the wilderness, perhaps the center of the Demon King’s Palace... 
A gigantic red vortex was swirling. It started from the ground and reached up into the sky, swallowing up the dark clouds. Lightning flashed at the edge of the vortex. 
Elaine didn’t know what it was. She just knew that a group of invaders had attacked the Demon King’s Palace last night. 
She didn’t know who they were or what they were aiming for. 
Elaine closed her eyes tightly. She tried to breathe as she recalled the demon king’s voice. 
He had said to run away, but those hadn’t been his only last words. 
The demon king had been fighting an absolute existence. Instead of feeling fear or despair, he had tried to protect all of the Demon King’s Palace. 
He had been the king of the Demon World, the Demon World’s protector. 
The demon king had known about Caitlin. He had noticed that she wasn’t his child. However, he had recognized her as his own child. Why? Had he simply been showing his generosity as the king? Did he feel pity towards Gallehed and Elaine who had a deep love for each other since childhood? Did he not care because it was a just a political marriage anyway? So, that was why he had turned a blind eye to their mistake? 
Elaine thought despairingly. She would never know the reason now... No, she already had some idea, and it felt like her heart would be torn apart by the feelings she was suppressing. 
The demon king hadn’t been indifferent. He had never been an indifferent person. 
Elaine gasped for breath. Her breathing, which had been about to calm down, became rough again. 
However, it wasn’t just due to the demon king. The red vortex caused Elaine to tremble with fear. 
Elaine opened her eyes forcefully and saw the red vortex again. Although the vortex swirling into the sky was far away, she could feel it from where she stood. 
It was the end. That was the only way she could describe that power. 
There was something in the red vortex. It was the enemy the demon king had fought against. 
She didn’t know exactly what had happened last night. However, Elaine was convinced that the demon king had done something. 
If it hadn’t been for the demon king, Elaine and all the people around the Demon King’s Palace wouldn’t have been saved. 
However, there was no demon king now. His back could no longer be seen. 
Elaine stared at the red vortex. 
What would happen once it started moving? 
What would happen if the thing sleeping inside woke up? 
“Demon king...” 
Elaine gritted her teeth. She couldn’t afford to feel fear like a fool. Elaine herself was a ruler. Just like the demon king, she had to protect the lycanthropes and everyone else. 
She turned her back against the red vortex and hurried. 
&
As soon as they left the limit line, Quanta headed toward the nearest transportation formation. There, the party encountered unexpected news. 
The Demon King’s Palace had been attacked. It had completely vanished, leaving not a single trace behind. 
Felicia couldn’t believe it. She blinked with a dumbfounded expression before asking suddenly, 
“Abamama?” 
Caitlin looked up as well. All the children of the demon king showed the same reaction. 
The manager of the transportation formation could only give one answer. 
He didn’t know; nothing was known. 
However, there was some circumstantial evidence. The demon king had remained alone in the palace, then the Demon King’s Palace had disappeared. 
Felicia collapsed to the ground. She couldn’t endure it anymore and burst into tears. Caitlin wasn’t much different as she cried like a child. Tears welled up in Anastasia’s eyes as she staggered. 
Baikal helped Anastasia while restoring his breathing. He couldn’t understand what was going on, so his breathing was rough. 
Silvan turned around and wept, while Chris covered his face with a big hand and said not a word. 
The only one who remained upright was Zephyr. He closed his eyes tightly before getting the rest of the story from the manager. It was about the current situation of the Demon King’s Palace and the captains. 
The captains were divided into two groups. Captains Richard and Yecaderina remained guarding the Aegis Gate, while Gallehed and Parast were on standby at a transportation formation near the Demon King’s Palace. 
They didn’t know that the winter king had fallen at the hands of the sword duke, so they couldn’t leave the Aegis Gate unguarded. Leaving two of the remaining four captains behind was the right decision. 
"We need to decide our destinations.” 
“Orabeoni?” 
Anastasia, who was leaning on Baikal, was baffled, but that only lasted for a moment. She immediately understood that the children of the demon king needed to act separately. 
Baikal hugged Anastasia and looked at everyone. 
"I will go to the Aegis Gate as planned. Maybe we will need the power of all the remaining captains… It will be better if they know the situation as soon as possible.” 
He spoke in a somewhat detached voice. 
The anomaly of the Demon King’s Palace wasn’t over yet; this wasn’t the time to mourn. 
The sword duke had killed the winter king, so there was no reason for two captains to be tied up at the Aegis Gate. One or both of them could head south. 
Upon hearing Baikal’s words, Zephyr let out a breath. 
"I will gather Captains Gallehed and Parast in one place." 
The group which had attacked the Demon King’s Palace was likely to have been the Knights of the Apocalypse. The captains would have to gather to deal with them. 
“Warrior of the Human World, what will you do?” 
Zephyr asked Locke unexpectedly. Locke, who had been standing in a corner, turned around and replied in a quiet tone,
“I will follow you." 
Zephyr’s location would be at the front lines. He wanted to prevent the fight in the Demon World from spilling over to the Human World, so this was the obvious choice. 
As the eldest sons revealed their destinations, Chris made a heavy expression and patted Caitlin’s head. 
"Caitlin, you… should take Shutra and go with Felicia noonim to the gandharva. I will join Mother and make some preparations.” 
The original plan had been for Chris to go to the gandharva, but the situation had changed. Now that the demon king was gone, the role of the queens was more important than usual. Chris needed to help Elaine. 
“Yes, I will do the same. Felicia, you can leave Omamama to me.” 
Silvan tried to smile brightly, and Felicia nodded while crying. 
The approximate destinations had been set. Baikal then finally looked at Anastasia who was in his arms. 
"Anastasia, what are you going to do?” 
"I will join Mother.” 
2nd Queen Titania was known for her thorns, but she believed in the power of the demon king more than anyone else. She was probably the most shaken by the demon king’s disappearance. 
Titania was Anastasia’s mother, so Anastasia should be beside her. 
Baikal nodded as though he was delighted and turned his gaze toward the last person. Carack and Nayatra would obviously go with In-gong, so it was just Indara left. 
"I will go to the location of the gandharva with the sword duke. It was what the sword duke wanted before he lost consciousness.” 
Quanta was restricted in the number of people she could carry, so only three suras accompanied the sword duke. 
Baikal nodded again. There was no reason to ask the sword duke. They could only hope that he recovered as soon as possible. 
All the destinations had been set. The group had been working hard for several hours, but there was no time to rest. Right now, they had to hurry. 
However, instead of going towards the transportation formation, Zephyr headed to where Carack was carrying In-gong. Locke watched with narrowed eyes, but Zephyr didn’t do anything. 
Felicia instinctively flinched at Zephyr’s approach, while Caitlin moved slightly to hide Carack and Felicia from Zephyr’s gaze. 
Zephyr frowned slightly at the movement which seemed like a mother defending her child. He then moved a few steps away from In-gong and gazed at him. 
“Please look after Shutra.” 
Zephyr said before turning away. Felicia couldn’t help letting out a sigh of relief, and Caitlin wasn’t much different. 
Now that the demon king had disappeared, who would become the next demon king? 
Baikal shook his head. It was a problem, but he didn’t want to think about that right now. 
All the children of the demon king entered the transportation formation one by one and headed to their destinations. 
&  
The place where the gandharva were confined was in a rugged canyon in the north-east of the Demon World. The canyon was a wasteland, so dry air blew continuously. It was a place with no military value like Evian. 
The transportation formation allowed for instant movement, so it was still morning when they arrived at the canyon. 
Carack, who was carrying In-gong on his back, turned towards the party. 
The party included In-gong, the sword duke, Nayatra who was leading the way, Felicia, Caitlin, Amita, Daphne, Delia, Seira, Indara, and two other sura warriors. Along with Carack, there was a total of 13 people. 
It would be more reassuring if Vandal was here, but he and Karma were leading the troops over land. 
“Is it inside that canyon?” 
Carack asked Nayatra. She nodded and spoke to the exhausted Felicia and Caitlin,
"There is a magic ward inside the canyon. Beyond that is where the gandharva are located.” 
"Will they be hostile?” 
Daphne asked with an anxious face. Her reaction was natural since the gandharva had been imprisoned for over 10 years. So, it wouldn’t be strange if they held a grudge against the Demon King’s Palace. Moreover, she didn’t even know what the gandharva were guilty of. It might be a terrible sin. 
Caitlin’s expression darkened at the reasonable concern, but Nayatra just smiled and reassured everyone. 
"It's going to be fine. They all think of the prince as a star of hope.” 
They had already heard about In-gong through Nayatra. In-gong was their hope for being freed, so they would be more eager to save him than anyone else. 
Felicia looked at In-gong. Thanks to Zephyr’s time stopping magic, he didn’t even make any small movements. 
“Shutra...” 
She was like the gandharva. In-gong was already Felicia’s star of hope. 
"Just a little bit more.” 
Carack smiled and encouraged her. Then the party stepped into the canyon. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 222 - Chapter 46 - Warrior God #3
A sharp wind was blowing in the canyon. The cliffs were cut vertically, and the spacing was short and complex, so it was like a maze made by nature. 
The sword duke knew it was difficult to approach the canyon using an ordinary method. There were a few routes to move between the cliffs. 
“I really struggled when I came here the other day.” 
Nayatra said from where she was leading at the front. It seemed like she wanted to tell In-gong the story of her struggle, but he was unconscious. 
At the entrance of the canyon, the remaining sura, except for Indara, returned to the Sanctuary. However, there were still 11 people in the group. The canyon was a rare place for humans, so the animals gathered around them. 
“There are a lot of people here, so they won’t attack. Don’t worry. We are almost there.” 
Nayatra raised her hand and pointed to a cave set in a large cliff. It was the entrance to where the gandharva were imprisoned. 
Felicia was confused because she couldn’t feel any magic power, but that only lasted for a second. As soon as she entered the cave, she was startled. There was a strong magic power which didn’t leak outside the cave. 
10 meters inside the cave, there was a huge magic circle. Felicia moved closer and bit her lip. 
It was the demon king’s magic power. Clearly, the demon king had created this magic circle. 
Two large stone golems were standing nearby, but they didn’t interfere with the party. Perhaps they were just here to protect the magic circle, not control who entered or left. 
“I was told that this is a type of transportation formation. Once we go inside, we will arrive at the gandharva’s location which is in a completely different place.” 
After her explanation, Nayatra entered the magic circle. The blue surface rippled like she was entering water. 
As Nayatra entered, the remaining party members were forced to follow her. With the curious Caitlin at the lead, the party entered one by one. The last to enter was Felicia. 
Felicia flinched as she passed through the magic field. It wasn’t because she was in an open place with a sky, instead of the cave. She had used the transportation formations before and was used to these types of sudden environmental changes. 
It was the smell. Felicia was surprised by the sweet scent was all over the place. 
Caitlin and Amita, who had entered before her, were busy sniffing. The aroma resembled In-gong. 
Felicia covered her face with her fan and looked around. It looked like a peaceful, secluded countryside. There were many trees under the sky and small houses which the gandharva seemed to live in. The gandharva, who hid or lowered their stances, looked at the group with curious eyes. Most of them were young adults and children. 
“Someone will come to meet us soon.” 
Nayatra told Felicia. She passed through the magic circle first and asked a gandharva to spread the word. 
As Nayatra said, some gandharva were approaching. At first glance, they were rushing there. 
Whether it was due to being imprisoned or the gandharva’s traditional clothing, all of them were wearing plain, solid clothing. The blonde man in black bowed first and Felicia bowed back. 
“I am the 6th Princess, Felicia Doomblade.” 
“I am the 8th Princess, Caitlin Moonlight.” 
Caitlin followed Felicia’s example as her gaze was drawn to the leader. The man in front of them was tall and gave off a cold impression, but he looked somewhat like In-gong. 
“I am Naraka, leader of the gandharva. It is great to see Your Highnesses.” 
Felicia’s eyes widened with surprise. The man in front of her was Naraka Ignus, the older brother of 5th Queen Semita Ignus. She was sure since she had investigated this with In-gong. 
Naraka maintained a calm look at their greeting, but those behind him couldn’t hide their confusion. It was natural since the princesses of the Demon King’s Palace had suddenly arrived to meet them. Moreover, it wasn’t just Felicia and Caitlin who were confusing them. The gandharva couldn’t keep their eyes from the person on Carack’s back. 
“Shutra...?” 
Even Naraka couldn’t maintain his calm expression when he found In-gong. An expression of strong pleasure mixed with guilt appeared on his face. 
Anyway, they had to sort out the situation. Felicia opened her mouth to explain when a voice was heard from behind her. 
“Naraka.” 
Not just Naraka but everyone turned at the voice. The sword duke on Indara’s back had regained consciousness. 
“Sword Duke.” 
Naraka spoke in a confused voice. The sword duke got down from Indara’s back and closed his eyes tightly. Although his complexion was still pale, he seemed to have gained some power compared to when he collapsed beyond the limit line. 
The sword duke gave a short explanation,
“The prince’s condition is serious. His spirit is severely twisted. Can you do what we were talking about the other day?” 
Naraka’s expression changed again. It seemed like he was more surprised by the sword duke’s words than In-gong’s appearance. He gazed at the sword duke for a moment before sighing. Then Naraka replied in a relatively calm voice like he had made a decision. 
“I’ll prepare it right away. Please wait a moment.” 
He turned away from Felicia and Caitlin, and left. The other gandharva followed after Naraka, leaving the party where they were. 
“Sword Duke.” 
Felicia called the sword duke with a question in her tone. The sword duke frowned and said, 
“I'm sorry. I will explain it gradually. I’m not in a good shape right now.” 
Usually Felicia would listen to the sword duke’s words, but the situation was different right now. She said in a desperate voice,
“The Demon King’s Palace is gone.” 
“What did you say?” 
The sword duke asked with a bemused face. Felicia tried to explain without breaking down, but it wasn’t easy. The emotions that she suppressed were rising. 
“Princess, don’t overdo it. I will explain.” 
Carack told the sword duke what they had heard at the transportation formation. As the sword duke was informed that the Demon King’s Palace had been destroyed overnight and the demon king’s fate was unclear, he was appalled.
“Indara, please contact the Sanctuary... No, there is no need. It has only been a day.” 
The sword duke frowned as a chaotic expression appeared on his face. Amita jumped from Daphne’s arms and asked, 
“Sword Duke, do you know something?” 
“I can’t be sure yet. But it is clear that the War Knight and Death Knight attacked the Demon King’s Palace.” 
He had no definite knowledge about the unidentified red vortex where the Demon King’s Palace used to be, so the sword duke could only guess. 
The sword duke pushed down his emotions. The situation regarding the disappearance of the Demon King’s Palace and the demon king was still unknown, so now wasn’t the time to mourn. He also had to hurry and contact the Sanctuary. 
"Sword Duke, what did you talk about the other day? Can Shutra really be saved?” 
Caitlin stepped forward and asked, as if she couldn’t wait any longer. They had come to this place due to the sword duke’s words, but they still didn’t know how to save In-gong. 
“Maybe, it is possible.” 
The sword duke was about to explain briefly, but by then the gandharva had returned. As soon as he heard that they were ready, the sword duke stopped the explanation and urged the party, 
"Let's go. We need to hurry. I will explain after we arrive.” 
They almost ran through the village until they reached a small temple hidden among thick trees. It was a single-storey building, but the ceiling was very high and the roof had a large window which could be opened and closed. 
The sword duke motioned for Carack to lay In-gong on the altar. Four gandharvas dressed in priest robes took their places on the magic circle under the altar. 
The movements of the priests were strong and disciplined. Felicia, who was examining the magic circle carefully, turned and looked at the sword duke. 
Then at that moment... 
Naraka, dressed in a priest’s black robes, entered the temple. His hand was holding a half-ball which was slightly larger than his palm. 
Nayatra had no idea what it was. She just knew that it was similar to the bead she had passed to In-gong. 
Felicia was now convinced. Then Amita spoke in a quiet voice, 
“The gandharva’s divinity...” 
Amita’s words were true that it was the divinity of the gandharva god, Dhrtarastra. Moreover, it wasn’t an ordinary object; this was the essence of a god. 15 years ago, half of the essence had been used to give birth to Shutra. 
Zentra Ignus, uncle of 5th Queen Semita Ignus, had spoken to the sword duke before leaving this world. 
He had explained what the gandharva really wanted. If Shutra was born safely, then this would be for him. 
"The completion of the gandharva god.” 
A soft light shone from the magic circle around the altar. Naraka approached In-gong who was lying on the altar, and he raised Dhrtarastra’s essence. 
&  
Everybody was busy. Baikal had reached the Aegis Gate, while Zephyr had joined Gallehed and Parast who were near the Demon King’s Palace. 
Meanwhile, 1st Queen Aishar Ragnaros and the armies of the other three queens were around the red vortex. The troops throughout the Demon World were gathering. 
On top of a hill, Locke faced the red vortex and thought of the red dragon. He had heard from Guardian Queian that the red dragon had been destroyed, but the reality in front of him couldn’t be denied. 
“Locke.” 
There was a call from behind Locke. As expected, Carlov and Beatrice stood there. 
The call was from Beatrice who was leaning against Carlov. She still needed a little more rest. 
Locke made a bright expression. He wanted to comfort her by pretending to be relaxed. 
However, Beatrice opened her mouth first. 
“Locke.” 
This time, it wasn’t a call. It was a sign that something was wrong. Beatrice and Carlov were looking beyond Locke. 
Then Locke sensed it. He turned and looked at the red vortex. 
With a large thunderous sound, it began. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 223 - Chapter 46 - Warrior God #4
Zephyr raised his head up. While Dark Saintess Altesia was still stunned, Zephyr stepped out of the temporary barracks and stared at the red vortex. 
The others were the same. Everybody in the army stopped what they were doing and gazed at the red vortex. 
It was instinctual—an irresistible command. 
3rd Queen Sylvia was trembling. Despite the considerable distance, her entire body shuddered from the terrible magic power. 
Some sat down in their place,while others cried out in fear just from looking at it. 
Lightning tore through the dark clouds.  
There was a huge presence within the red vortex. 
A huge flame… It was the soul of the red dragon who had seven heads and ten horns.  
The remnants of the vortex became wild winds which spread all over the place, and lightning began to pour down from the dark clouds. 
Zephyr understood. It was impossible to compare the huge presence to Death or War. This was the end. 
The red dragon...
The Red Serpent God… 
He spread his huge red wings. 
&  
The Death Knight was inside the red dragon. In the midst of the red world, he saw the red dragon’s essence. 
It was a blazing flame. The body of the red dragon, who had once driven the world to the point of destruction, had been destroyed for a long time, but his soul was still shining. 
The ceremony to call down the red dragon wasn’t completely successful. The original plan had been to bring the red dragon’s soul to new flesh. 
The first candidate was 2nd Prince Zephyr Ragnaros. The moment he had been born, all eyes in the Demon World had focused on him, and he had a body capable of enduring the red dragon’s soul. 
The Death Knight, who had woken up after sleeping intermittently for 1,000 years, focused on obtaining Zephyr. However, after his plan at Thunderdoom Fortress went awry, he rarely had a chance to capture Zephyr. Zephyr had clearly been on the lookout and avoided the War Knight and Death Knight, who hadn't been able to reach out to him directly until the advent of the red dragon. 
War continued to desire Zephyr, but Death was different. The ceremony to call down the red dragon was a fight of time. 
Death had to complete the work before the elder dragons recovered their strength after the battle 1,000 years ago. 
The Death Knight had given up on Shutenberg. He had sacrificed his largest hand in order to get rid of all obstructions, including the sword duke. Rather than waiting for the demon king’s illness to worsen, he had gone and attacked the Demon King’s Palace. 
He would kill the demon king and take his body. 
If that didn’t work, the red dragon would be called down to the body of the Death Knight, who was the strongest warrior and magician of the indigenous species. 
That had been his plan. 
However, it didn't come true. The demon king, Mitra had crushed all of his plans. 
The red dragon didn’t get a new body of flesh. Only the soul of the red dragon returned to the world from which it had been banished 10,000 years ago. It was impossible to prepare a new body for the red dragon now. The demon king’s final strike had dealt an irrevocable wound to the red dragon’s soul. 
The Death Knight laughed bitterly. As someone who had once been a king, he paid homage to the demon king. 
The demon king had been clearly heroic. It was true that he had crushed the Death Knight’s plan. 
However, it was still good. The plan might be broken, but it didn’t matter. 
The red dragon had returned. Although it was just the soul, his powers accompanied it. 
With that strength, the red dragon would once again destroy the Demon World. This time it would truly be the end. 
The Death Knight thought of the Sanctuary. Once the souls of the indigenous species were destroyed, the Demon World would return to its original form, and the prosperity of the recent years would end. 
Who would stop the red dragon? 
Who could stop the red dragon?  
Who would dare oppose him?! 
The elder dragons hadn’t regained their strength yet, and the demon king had now disappeared. 
The warrior brought up by Guardian Queian and Zephyr were obviously strong. However, even they couldn’t be the red dragon’s opponent. They weren’t the first Drakon Kechatulla, who had defeated the red dragon. 
The Death Knight shared the red dragon’s gaze. He looked down at the army which had come from all over to surround the red vortex. They were merely lambs afraid of destruction. 
None of them could stop the red dragon. It was doubtful if they would even fight. 
The red dragon spread his wings. Seeds of destruction were sprinkled on the desolate land, and beasts of destruction sprang from the ground. 
The red dragon started moving as the black beasts that emerged from the ground moved ahead of him. 
He moved in the direction of the Sanctuary...
The true center of the Demon World. 
&  
The Death Knight wasn’t wrong. 
The elder dragons thought the red dragon’s soul had already vanished. Therefore, they weren’t prepared for the red dragon’s return. As they were only prepared to stop the Four Knights of the Apocalypse, they couldn’t fight the red dragon.
There wasn’t enough time for them to regain their strength. The elder dragons were severely hurt from the fight 1,000 years ago, and Cruel Talia still hadn’t regained consciousness. 
The Death Knight was right. No one could stop the red dragon. 
Guardian Queian thought so. However, the Great Enkidu was different. 
He raised his head from the lava, sensing it was finally time for him to act. His role wasn’t to fight immediately. 
The fragmented piece of Ainkel’s soul, which had stayed beside Enkidu, glittered. The Great Enkidu remembered Recorder Torres’ words. 
The equipment of the elder dragons... 
They contained the power of the elder dragons. 
There was one thing which he could do right now. 
Enkidu remembered one person, and he sent his will to the equipment of the elder dragons. 
&  
The white woman lifted her head in the darkness. She could feel it clearly. The red dragon’s spirit had woken up. He was marching through the Demon World to destroy the Sanctuary. 
The ones who would stop him... 
The ones who joined him... 
Coincidences and inevitability... The white woman felt the flow of fate. She understood why she existed in this world. 
The power of Conquest was swelling up. It responded to the red dragon. Conquest didn’t want to destroy civilizations and burn lives like she did in the past. 
The white woman didn’t want it, and she knew how to escape from the influence of the red dragon. 
“Wake up and become my master. Conquer me now.” 
The white woman said quickly. Green Wind was startled, but she didn’t care. 
The white woman—Conquest stretched out her hand and touched In-gong’s cheek. 
&  
The sword duke accepted the demon king’s death. 
The years they’d spent together weren’t short. 
The sword duke had known the demon king since the first time Mitra picked up a sword. He was able to clearly envision the time Mitra became the demon king. The sword duke remembered laughing as the demon king picked up his first child, Baikal, in an awkward manner. 
His heart felt empty. Since learning about the demon king’s illness, he had been prepared to face this moment. However, no matter how prepared he was, the sword duke couldn’t stop the sharp sword from slicing his heart. 
The demon king and the sword duke were protectors of the Sanctuary. It was their duty to protect the Sanctuary which gave abundance to the Demon World, a land where people couldn’t live.
He knew about the fight 1,000 years ago. It was a secret of the Sanctuary, so he had pretended not to know about the Four Knights of the Apocalypse to the 9th Prince. 
After the Sanctuary had been revealed to 9th Prince, the Four Knights of the Apocalypse had already been revealed, so there was no need to speak of it.
Despite the illness, the power of the demon king was still worth mentioning. It was hard to imagine that he would lose against the War Knight and Death Knight. 
The red vortex which had been created at the place where the Demon King’s Palace used to be... 
The sword duke felt something ominous from it. Suppressing his feelings, he looked at what was before him. 
The ceremony was in progress. The magic circle painted under the altar was glowing with a white light, and the gandharva continued to chant as Naraka pushed the Dhrtarastra Essence into In-gong’s chest. The half-ball was sucked into In-gong’s chest with a bright light. 
Zentra Ignus had desired the completion of a god in his lifetime. It had been his desire to create an incarnation of Dhrtarastra using the essence. 
In-gong’s body, which accepted the essence, floated slowly into the air. The magic circle around the altar emitted a brighter light, and In-gong’s body was surrounded by a fragrant wind. 
In-gong’s hair turned black. Then it became very long and scattered in the air. 
Many of the gandharva, including Naraka who was presiding over the ceremony, were amazed, but In-gong’s group was different. It was clearly a mysterious sight, but it wasn’t much different from In-gong’s Spiritualism state which they had seen several times. 
‘It is as expected.’ 
It was possible to maintain Spiritualism at all times—that was the effect of the ceremony which the sword duke had expected. In fact, just that was amazing. The main purpose was to restore In-gong, so he wasn’t disappointed. 
The sword duke calmed his mind and observed the ceremony with calm eyes. 
Then at that moment...
A white light sprang from In-gong’s body. Simultaneously, the equipment of the elder dragons appeared in a circle around him. 
White Eagle and Earth Quaker were placed on either side of In-gong. El Ragra appeared above In-gong’s chest while Night Watch was below In-gong. 
It didn’t end there. Different powers were released from the equipment of the elder dragons, and Earth Quaker gave a low cry. 
The light around In-gong’s body became stronger, and the equipment of the elder dragons shone with a different light. A strong flow of power which couldn’t be compared to before swirled around In-gong. 
Naraka completely panicked. The gandharva, who were injecting magic power into the circle, couldn’t endure it any longer and were thrown out. Despite this, the spell didn’t stop, and Earth Quaker’s roar became louder. 
This was an unexpected situation. Naraka thought about stopping the ceremony, but the sword duke was different. He had already witnessed a similar phenomenon in the past. 
At the Thunderdoom Fortress, 9th Prince had joined two different powers together. 
The sword duke understood the situation since his eyes could penetrate anything, while the King’s Knights understood it through instinct. They were directly connected to In-gong, so they knew better than anyone else. 
Carack laughed joyfully, while Nayatra imagined something happening, where the shield that was his position as a prince didn’t matter. Caitlin smiled brightly and placed her hands on her chest, where the Starlight Core was. She could feel the power of the Moonlight Core pulse. 
“Shutra.” 
Felicia said while smiling like a fool. She had known it and believed in him. It was natural for In-gong to do something like this. He had always been like this. 
The main character accepted the different powers. The dragon heart and Moonlight Core became one with the power of the dragon nestled in his reborn body. Then the power of Conquest rose up to cover everything. 
Hence, he was born... 
And thus, he opened his eyes. 
The true Dhrtarastra... 
The true Drakon Kechatulla who emanated the power of the elder dragons and could be compared to the first Drakon Kechatulla...! 
In-gong had conquered the white woman. He had completely dominated the equipment of the elder dragons and accepted Great Enkidu’s will. 
He was the Conquest Knight...
As well as the Drakon Kechatulla. 
In-gong opened his eyes. He radiated splendid divine power. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 224 - Chapter 47: Sanctuary
Strange things were happening all over the Demon World. 
The War Knight had prepared magic circles in various places for the descent of the red dragon, and these magic circles shone with a red light. 
It was an ominous sign that disaster was approaching. This was the trumpet that signalled the beginning of the red dragon’s destruction. 
Beyond the limit line, those who wanted the destruction began to move. They were the foolish ones who didn’t know the destruction of the red dragon wasn’t just limited to the Demon World, and that the whole world would burn. 
A large army of northern barbarians started their march. The supreme being known as the winter king had vanished, but there were still hundreds of thousands of troops. 
The monsters roared from the west. They all moved in the same direction. 
Those in the east didn’t stay still either. The barbarians who had lost the barbarian king realized instinctively that it was now the time to burn Evian and obtain Takar. 
Baikal, who was at the Aegis Gate, received reports of all these attacks at the same time. 
However, he couldn’t afford to send away any troops. Despite the collapse of the Demon King’s Palace, the two captains couldn’t leave the Aegis Gate because it was important to guard against the northern barbarians. 
Then finally, something happened. Hundreds of thousands of barbarians charged towards the Aegis Gate. 
Richard and Yecaderina were on the walls, and Baikal was with them. 
The Aegis Gate wasn’t called the absolute line of defense just because of its excellent defense. It was because this was a land which absolutely must be protected. As soon as the Aegis Gate opened, the south would be devastated by the northern barbarians. 
Baikal focused aura on his eyes and looked far away. The barbarians were dark spots flocking over the white snow. Hundreds of thousands of people were moving their feet at the same time. 
Baikal gulped and took a deep breath. Then he gazed to the south in the direction of the Demon King’s Palace. 
“Zephyr.” 
Baikal couldn’t help calling out the name of his younger brother. He then drew his sword and turned back around. 
The barbarians shouted, and the army on the wall hit the drums and blew the horns. 
The north began the fight. 
&  
Lightning struck, and a vibrant red moon emerged in the dark sky. 
The appearance of the red dragon was overwhelming. Just the fact that it was a dragon induced fear into everyone. 
Huge black beasts sprouted from the ground in front of the red dragon, and their numbers reached the hundreds. 
Then the red dragon started moving. It didn’t even look at the soldiers surrounding it. 
3rd Queen Sylvia gathered her trembling hands together and closed her eyes tightly. 
She had to stop the red dragon, and it wasn’t just for revenge. 
An unbearably ominous feeling was strangling her neck. Sylvia didn’t know about the Sanctuary, nor did she know about the magic of abundance which spread out over the Demon World. However, she could feel it instinctively. 
The Demon World would be destroyed if they couldn’t stop the red dragon. They had to stop that march somehow. 
4th Queen Elaine felt the same. However, she couldn’t move the troops. She was the queen of the lycanthropes as well as a queen of the Demon King’s Palace. 
So, she had to keep a calm mindset. If the lycanthropes moved first, the other queens would move with her. It would be like collapsing dominoes. 
Would this really be the case? Was it right to start the decisive battle here? 
Elaine’s instincts, which were terrified of the red dragon, commanded her to shift into beast form right there. However, Elaine suppressed her transformation. Her wild senses warned against her will to fight. It wasn’t the time yet. The right moment hadn’t arrived. 
She needed to persevere. It was easy to command a charge, but once it started, there was no reversing it. 
2nd Queen Titania waited with narrowed eyes. She wasn’t waiting for the decisions of 3rd Queen Sylvia and 4th Queen Elaine,but for the decision from the one closest to becoming the demon king. 
Unfortunately, it wasn’t Anastasia. It was the prince who was called the strongest. 
Zephyr closed his eyes. Gallehed and Parast, standing next to him, were ready to draw their swords at any time. Quanta growled as she stared at the red dragon. The dragons could be called the children of the elder dragons, so they were all hostile toward the red dragon. 
The rest of Zephyr’s troops, including Sektum, were currently beyond the Northern Limit Line. Zephyr was sorry for their absence, but he didn’t obsess over it. 
The red dragon moved forward, and the black beasts began running. 
There was no time. He had to make a decision. 
"Don't fight," Zephyr said. 
He ignored the confused eyes and looked somewhere else. It was toward Warrior Locke, who was holding his sword and watching the red dragon. 
As Zephyr knew about the Sanctuary, he could see that the red dragon was moving towards it. 
Zephyr then took a step back. The important thing was to protect the Sanctuary from the red dragon. It didn’t matter where they stopped him. 
They wouldn’t fight here; they couldn’t beat the red dragon. 
More power was needed. One more person was needed. 
He wasn’t talking about the sword duke. His strength certainly outweighed the captains, but he wasn’t who Zephyr was thinking about. 
Their meeting had been short, and the time in which they fought together hadn’t been long. However, Zephyr was convinced. 
"Send the coordinates to each army. We will use the transportation formation to get there ahead of the red dragon.” 
They would camp in front of the Sanctuary as it would take some time for the red dragon to reach there. 
Zephyr didn’t know if that person would make it on time. If he didn’t arrive by the time the red dragon reached the Sanctuary, then it couldn’t be helped. 
Locke gazed at Zephyr, and Zephyr looked back before turning to the right. 
The demon king’s army started their march. Every direction was different, but the destination was the same:
The Sanctuary. 
It was the land which would determine the destiny of the world and the war which had started 10,000 years ago. 
“Shutra.” 
Zephyr called out briefly as he remembered In-gong’s face. 
&  
A divine scent filled the inside of the temple, and the brilliant divine light seemed to bless everyone. 
In-gong opened his eyes. His long black hair was blown by a wind that seemed to come out of nowhere. Then the incarnation of Dhrtarastra took his first breath. 
Naraka and the other gandharva gulped. They were so excited that they couldn’t speak. Even Nakara, who condemned his uncle for his reckless conduct, had no choice but to cry as the gandharva god appeared before him. 
In-gong exhaled. He cleared his throat and stood up slowly. His body was light, like he had been born again. It was similar to the metamorphosis when he got the dragon heart. 
In-gong waved his hands around slightly. Then the equipment of the elder dragons around In-gong started to move. El Ragra was the first to take its place on In-gong’s finger of his right hand. Then Earth Quaker settled on his right arm, while White Eagle was on his left arm. Lastly, Night Watch wrapped gently around In-gong’s neck. 
Instantly, In-gong was armed, and he stepped down from the altar. He looked around at everyone gathered before the altar. 
“Shutra!” 
The first one to scream was Felicia. She shouted loudly and ran toward In-gong with tears of joy flowing down her cheeks. Despite her smiling expression, he could tell how anxious she had been. 
In-gong opened his arms. Felicia didn’t stop and threw herself into In-gong’s arms. She wrapped her arms around his neck and burst into tears again. 
He was alive. In-gong had returned alive. Her heart was already pained due to the absence of the demon king. So, when her emotions rose, she couldn’t suppress it anymore. Felicia placed her lips against In-gong’s. 
In-gong responded to Felicia’s action, hugging her slender body and pulling her closer. 
Caitlin’s eyes widened with shock from where she had been running beside Felicia. Delia also covered her mouth to conceal her surprise, while Nayatra stomped her feet with frustration. 
When the short and intense kiss finished, Felicia stepped back with a surprised expression. However, she was still being held in In-gong’s arms, so she couldn’t really step away from him. 
“What is it?” 
In-gong blurted out. Was it amazement that she had kissed him? 
That wasn’t it. Felicia spoke with an expression that contained a mixture of embarrassment and confusion. 
"Y-You are so delicious.” 
In-gong was shocked for a moment, then he laughed out loud. This time, In-gong was the one who kissed Felicia first. 
It was a longer and more intense kiss. Amita responded to the word ‘delicious’ as they gazed between In-gong and Felicia. 
Then Felicia withdrew and sighed again. In-gong looked at Caitlin who was approaching him. Her eyes were wide and her face was red. She looked so cute that In-gong kissed Caitlin on the forehead. 
Caitlin flinched. She made a dissatisfied expression, but it couldn’t be helped. 
"This isn’t the time to play around.” 
Carack said in a scolding tone, but he was also smiling. 
In-gong nodded, agreeing easily. Like always, Carack was right. The situation wasn’t good enough to waste time on the joy of his recovery. 
In-gong’s resurrection ceremony hadn’t been short. It had been a few hours since it began, and in the meantime, news had been transmitted through Indara. 
In-gong hadn’t received Indara’s report, but he knew about the situation through Conquest. The red dragon was advancing towards the Sanctuary. 
"Sword Duke, do you want to join?” 
In-gong looked at the sword duke. In-gong had the eyes of Dhrtarastra, so he could see the flow of aura throughout the sword duke’s body. It wasn’t normal, but it wasn’t significant enough that the sword duke couldn’t move. He had hurried his recovery while In-gong’s ceremony had been in progress. 
“Don’t worry. I still have the strength for one more fight.” 
Dark emotions were hidden behind the sword duke’s smile. It was because he saw the appearance of the demon king in In-gong’s long black hair. 
In-gong nodded slowly, then he greeted Naraka and activated the power of Conquest. An illusion of the white woman with the golden crown appeared behind In-gong. 
"Go, my master. Everyone is waiting for you.” 
Conquest had been conquered by the Conquest Knight. She was truly his and was now able to escape from the fate of destruction. 
Felicia, Caitlin, and Carack belonged to the King’s Knights, so they intuitively understood that the white woman was Conquest. The power of Conquest wound around them. 
However, there was one person alone who expressed dissatisfaction. 
"This thieving cat! Master is my master! He isn’t your master!” 
Green Wind cried out as she appeared beside the white woman, but the white woman just laughed. Green Wind quickly looked at In-gong for help. In-gong laughed awkwardly, but he didn’t take sides. Right now, it was imperative that he reach the Sanctuary. 
"Shall we go? Faster than the wind?” 
Carack asked with a laugh. In-gong pulled out the flag of light and replied, 
"Yes, faster than the wind.” 
As the leader, Carack received the flag of light. The power of Conquest and the blessing of the wind stretched out like they were competing with each other. 
Their goal was the Sanctuary. 
Then the sprint which was faster than the wind began. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 225 - Chapter 47: Sanctuary #2
The fight in the north wasn’t easy. 
The northern barbarians didn’t fear death. They didn’t think about what would happen to the body when they died. So, the barbarians just charged over the corpses. 
There were too many of them, and they weren’t focused on just one point. Thanks to the absolute power of the captains, it was easy to protect the gates, but that was it. The barbarians weren’t obsessed with the gate. It seemed as though they wanted to knock down the walls of Aegis Gate itself. 
However, it was inefficient. Even if they won, there would be huge sacrifices. Indeed, many barbarians lost their lives before they could even fight properly. 
Yet, they didn’t stop. Baikal, who guarded the gates, realized that the northern barbarians weren’t afraid of death. They had forgotten death itself. War’s madness dominated them all. 
Baikal, who had been using his magic without rest, looked up at the sky. He saw the red moon made of magic power. Down below, the barbarians were moving forward endlessly. 
It was just like the fight against Arch Lich Shutenberg beyond the limit line. The barbarians before him were no different from Shutenberg’s undead. 
The tsunami pushed against the wall. The two captains acted as a breakwater, but that wasn’t enough. The tsunami was still healthy even if the waves were breaking. 
However, Baikal couldn’t allow them to be swallowed up. It was then that he used a large attack spell. The weapons installed on the wall spewed out flames, while Captain Richard swept along the wall with an aura blade dozens of meters long. Additionally, Captain Yecaderina’s magic invigorated their allies. 
Amidst screams and cries, some parts of the walls were finally destroyed. The dam which stopped the flood was starting to crack. 
The crack would soon widen, and once the water started to leak, it couldn’t be stopped. 
How long would they be able to endure? What would be faster? The deaths of the northern barbarians or the collapse of the Aegis Gate? 
Baikal couldn’t think about it anymore. Part of the eastern wall had collapsed with a big bang. 
&  
The new chief of the Paran clan, Belovaki, was used to fighting against the monsters from beyond the Western Limit Line. However, this was the first time he had seen so many monsters.  
The monsters, which were huge even when compared to the Paran clan, threw their heavy bodies against the walls. The giants felt a big shock as the walls of the fortress crumbled. 
The members of the Paran clan weren’t the only ones in this position. There were tens of thousands of lizardmen, the Gullam tribe, and Victor. 
When Belovaki had first seen them, he had thought of victory. He thought they would be able to defeat any enemies. 
However, he was wrong. 
Belovaki swung his axe and struck the neck of the nearest monster. The moment the neck was struck, the massive monster’s tail flew up and struck Belovaki’s back. 
As Belovaki fell to his knees in pain, Galang, the Gullam clan’s best hunter, rushed to save him, but there wasn’t enough time. Galang’s two legs couldn’t move fast enough. 
With a roar, Galang threw the spear he was holding. It was just as a monster aimed its mouth for Belovaki’s neck. 
Belovaki thanked Galang, but simultaneously, he was sure that this was his last moment. 
The monster’s teeth were a little faster than Galang’s spear. 
&  
Evian was burning while the eastern barbarians marched quickly. It was a land they had already stepped on, so there was no delay. 
Since the chances of an invasion were low, there weren’t many soldiers guarding the limit line. Diotima, the new defense captain of the bases, started cursing. 
Reports flew from all over the area. The barbarians were burning every soldier of the demon king’s army they encountered. The meaning of the barbarians burning the soldiers alive was clear. 
It was time to fight again. In order to create that time, they needed people to stand up and fight. 
Diotima cursed once again and prepared to fight. Not far from here, the cries of the eastern barbarians could be heard. 
&  
The demon king’s army was running. They greatly reduced the distance they had to travel by using the transportation formations, but the speed of the red dragon and his beasts was too fast. There was no time. 
The boys and girls guarding the transportation formation watched the army with wide eyes. The demon king’s army gathered from various places and spread all over the grassland. 
They had barely made it in time. It wasn’t easy to move tens of thousands of soldiers in hours, no matter how much they used the transportation formations. Moreover, there was no transportation formation at the Sanctuary which could transfer large-scale troops. They had to run from the nearest transportation formation to the Sanctuary, so the physical strength of the troops was quite exhausted. 
Flying up above them on Quanta, Zephyr moved his gaze far away. The red dragon and black beasts were heading straight towards the Sanctuary. 
Zephyr knew about the existence of the Sanctuary. The Sanctuary was the center of an enormous magic which sustained the abundance of the entire Demon World. Without the Sanctuary, the magic of abundance couldn’t exist, and that magic was the lifeline of the Demon World. 
So, he had to stop them here. He couldn’t allow for the destruction of the Sanctuary. 
Zephyr explained the secret of the Sanctuary to the queens, children of the demon king and the captains. 
The reason why the guardians had hidden the role of the Sanctuary was simple. The secrecy was a shield to protect the Sanctuary. 
It wouldn’t be good if the existence of something which could destroy the Demon World was known. Making sure that no one knew about it was the best barrier as it eliminated people attacking it. 
However, the circumstances were different this time. At the very least, the ones leading the army needed to know the importance of this land. 
Zephyr closed his eyes. Fortunately, none of the queens wanted to give up. They were the leaders of each species and knew it would be meaningless to escape from this land. If the lands became devastated, then neither the lycanthropes, the succubi, nor the dark elves could maintain their current prosperity. 
That wasn’t all. The queens all wanted to get revenge for the demon king. 3rd Queen Sylvia was famous for her deep love for the demon king, while 2nd Queen Titania and 4th Queen Elaine had the same thoughts. 
He heard the cry of the black beasts from afar. There was no more time. Soon, the trumpets would blow to signal the start of the battle. 
Zephyr opened his eyes. He naturally looked over at Locke, who was also looking at Zephyr. 
This was a strange coincidence. It had only been one day since they met, but it felt like they had known each other for a long time. 
Locke smiled at Zephyr and grasped the Warrior’s Sword. Zephyr didn’t smile, but he responded by tapping Cruel Talia’s armour. 
The two of them could feel it through the equipment of the elder dragons. In-gong was coming. They didn’t know the exact timing, but it was clear he was coming. 
Zephyr closed his eyes again. He erased all thoughts in his head. The temptation of War which he sometimes heard couldn’t be heard anymore. 
It was really time to fight now. All of the captains nearby stared at Zephyr. The queens were also waiting for Zephyr’s command. 
“It’s okay! Even if we don’t win, aren’t we just going to Erebos’ side?” 
Dark Saintess Altesia suddenly said in a youthful tone. Her words were so absurd that Zephyr couldn’t help smiling. 
Altesia just grinned and shrugged, while Zephyr responded with a nod. Then he looked up at the red dragon. 
This wasn’t an ordinary fight. It was meaningless to surround the enemy. They had to break in and shatter the enemy. 
Zephyr raised his sword and gave a command. 
"Charge! Charge!" 
The army led by Captain Gallehed began to charge. In conjunction with pre-defined roles, the armies of the queens started to move as well. 
Finally, the fight had begun. The thousands of black beasts and soldiers clashed. 
Captain Gallehed swung his sword. As one of the five captains, his actions were truly great. It was like the how sword duke had smashed against the tsunami of the undead. 
However, Zephyr couldn’t smile at these actions. He was concentrating power into the hand holding the Dragon Slayer while keeping his gaze far away. 
The sky was black. The red moon made of magic power was shining brightly. Under it, the red dragon spread his wings wider. 
The red dragon was truly huge with a body length of hundreds of meters long. His seven heads with ten horns watched the battle between the beasts and the army. An enormous magic power emerged from the red dragon. 
It was difficult to call it magic. This was closer to a god’s miracle. 
A meteor shower poured down from the sky. There was an earthquake big enough to break the ground, and a gigantic vortex of flames swept through the middle of the battlefield. 
It didn’t distinguish between the black beasts and the soldiers, and death swept through the entire battlefield. 
The queens did their best to prevent any damage. Sylvia’s and Titania’s magic defended the soldiers, while Elaine commanded the troops desperately. The captains broke the disaster with their mighty magic power. 
Altesia and Beatrice began to pray, while Locke and Zephyr both rushed toward the red dragon. Someone had to draw the red dragon’s attention. 
The red dragon felt the two of them approaching. The Death Knight also knew it, but he just laughed at them. He remembered the battlefield 10,000 years ago. 
It was all useless. This was the red dragon. The end was here... The red dragon was a real monster! 
All seven heads of the red dragon looked at the same place, and it wasn’t at Zephyr and Locke. All 14 eyes looked at the Sanctuary. He was focused on the shield which was wrapped around it. 
Zephyr knew what the red dragon was going to do. Quanta gathered her magic power urgently, but it was too late. Even if she could cast it in time, it was impossible to prevent this. 
The seven heads all used a breath attack, and seven pillars of light rushed toward the shield. 
The beasts and soldiers raised their heads simultaneously as the power of destruction rushed above them. It was such a huge force that they forgot to fight. 
The breaths hit the Sanctuary’s shield, and the whole area shook from the shock. The breath attacks which hit the shield broke into fragments and became disasters which hit the demon king’s army. 
Elaine barely managed to swallow back her scream as she gazed at the Sanctuary. Fortunately, the shield was still standing. However, she wondered how long it could endure. 
"Ludwig." 
Elaine said curtly. Then she transformed angrily into a wolf with blue fur. In addition to Ludwig, the strongest lycanthrope warrior, Bruce, moved with her as well. 
It was foolish for a queen to go to the front lines. However, this time, she had to imitate the demon king. She had to stop the red dragon somehow. 
Elaine rushed toward the red dragon. The captains also moved through the black beasts toward the red dragon. Quanta unleashed a breath attack, while Zephyr and Locke both moved. 
A ray of light poured down from the red moon, and disasters once again struck the ground. It was impossible to fight properly. 
Despite the disasters, the major powers of the army started aiming at the red dragon. The red dragon roared and all the magic attacks disappeared. 
This was just the beginning. For the first time, Zephyr felt a sense of helplessness. Locke also felt fear toward an enemy for the first time in his life. 
The red dragon spread his wings, and the seven heads once again started to collect magic power. 
It was at this moment that... 
The shield around the Sanctuary disappeared. The silver barrier fell like a lie. 
Had the aftermath of the first attack just appeared? Could it no longer hold out? 
The shield protecting the Sanctuary was gone, and the light column in the center was revealed. 
That was the true Sanctuary. It was the mighty power of life created 10,000 years ago by the indigenous species, at the cost of all their lives. 
A scream rang out, and Zephyr shook off his helplessness. If he let the red dragon attack right now, then everything was over. He couldn’t think about why the shield of the Sanctuary had fallen. 
Zephyr just had to stop it. He had to do something, anything—buy time! 
It was at this moment that... 
Locke looked at the Warrior’s Sword. He could hear the voice of Guardian Queian, who showed Locke one fact. 
Amidst the screams, a horn blasted out. As a Drakon Kechatulla, Locke was able to know that the sound of this horn, which transcended space and resonated through the world, was from a Drakon Kechatulla. 
The lizardmen fighting in the west heard the horn, while the giants, who were fighting in various places, recognized the Giant King’s Sword which gave them strength. 
Baikal, who was rushing through the collapsed wall, looked up at the sky again. There was a white crack on the red moon. 
Galang’s spear pierced the head of a monster. Then instead of Belovaki dying, Belovaki’s weapon pierced the monster. There was a new vitality pulsing through his body. 
Diotima looked up at the sky with a stupid expression. She was reminded of the back of one person—the one who had recaptured the 5th base. 
The horn blew again. There was a white shape running toward them from far away. 
It was then that Zephyr understood. He finally realized it. The Sanctuary’s shield hadn’t been destroyed. The sanctuary itself had turned off the shield. 
It was in order to greet someone. 
To greet him... and to convey the power of the Sanctuary! 
A flag of light shone brightly. The growing power of Conquest pushed away the fear caused by the red dragon. 
The Warrior’s Sword which Locke was holding flew into the air. Simultaneously, Cruel Talia’s armour removed itself from Zephyr and headed towards the place where the light was. 
Finally, the person they’d been waiting for had arrived. 
He stood in front of the Sanctuary and naturally accepted the Warrior’s Sword and Cruel Talia’s armour. 
It was the true Drakon Kechatulla... 
The only opponent for the red dragon. 
In-gong glared at the red dragon, and the power of Conquest was revealed.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 226 - Chapter 48 - Myth
There were some things In-gong knew because he had conquered the white woman. 
The Four Riders of the Apocalypse were truly godlike beings. 
However, they were different from Erebos or Mother Earth. Erebos and Mother Earth were just beings who kept the balance of the world. They didn’t have clear personalities. Although it was possible to interact with them, it was impossible to establish a dialogue or emotional exchange with them. 
Therefore, they didn’t intervene despite the imminent destruction of the Demon World. They only gave strength to those who longed for power and desire. 
The elder dragons resembled the Four Riders of the Apocalypse. Like them, the elder dragons were gods with personality and flesh. 
1,000 years ago, all Four Riders of the Apocalypse had lost their bodies. So, they couldn’t influence the world except through their knights. 
The elder dragons’ situation wasn’t much better. No, it was worse. Half of the elder dragons had lost their flesh and the remaining three couldn’t function properly. Cruel Talia still hadn’t woken up from her healing sleep, while Enkidu and Queian had regained consciousness but not their strength. 
In-gong understood Conquest, and the white woman shared her feelings with him. She had her own unique personality and feelings. 
Conquest refused the fate of destruction. Despite being born as one of the Four Riders of the Apocalypse, she longed for the world to be protected. 
Her wish was small and trivial, a flower which bloomed in the ruins of her mind. 
It was small and beautiful, slender and pathetic. However, despite the harsh winds, it didn’t give up on living. 
The fluctuation was small, but her mind shook surely. Every time she took one step toward the end of the world, the shaking got bigger. 
The other riders also had feelings. Due to that, they still felt affection towards Conquest who had betrayed them. They both loved and hated her, and those sentiments were confusing. 
The elder dragons were similar. Recorder Torres gave his heart for Conquest. Watcher Ainkel sympathized with Conquest, and Guardian Queian didn’t believe Conquest. There was doubt and hate. 
If so, what about the red dragon? Did he have a personality or was he just a monster? 
Despite being banished from the world, he had maintained his existence for thousands of years. That tenacity was indeed amazing. His will to destroy the world was very solid. 
However, In-gong had made up his mind. He just didn’t think about it. 
‘I don’t care.’ 
So what if he had personalities and feelings? The red dragon wanted to destroy the world, and the riders were just helping him. 
If so, In-gong would stop it. It was the same as what the sword duke always said. He had to protect his precious things and smash the incoming enemies!
The will of Enkidu, passed on through Earth Quaker, laughed. Feelings of embarrassment were passed on from Guardian Queian through the Warrior’s Sword. 
‘My master.’ 
Conquest whispered. Green Wind whined, but it was only briefly. 
In-gong looked away. The red dragon stopped, and they stared at each other. 
The red dragon gave off a strong presence. In-gong was reborn as the true incarnation of Dhrtarastra, but he still couldn’t reach that strength. The power of a god alone wasn’t enough. 
He had dominated Conquest and become the true Conquest Knight, but it was still insufficient. The power of one who desired the end of the world wouldn’t bring down the monster. 
The equipment of the elder dragons had unified. Although their bodies had been lost, their souls were passed on through the equipment. Ainkel’s dragon heart had become one with the Moonlight Core, and he was now the true Drakon Kechatulla. 
However, it was still lacking. Despite all of this, In-gong couldn’t narrow the small distance between him and the red dragon. 
The red dragon stared at In-gong. Thousands of black beasts and soldiers were fighting in combat, but at this moment, there seemed to only be the red dragon and In-gong. 
‘Master.’ 
At this moment, Green Wind spoke in a voice like she wanted to help him. In-gong gave a small laugh. He was able to see it now. In-gong understood what the white woman and Green Wind were saying. So, he accepted it without any resistance. 
The light column of the Sanctuary started to emit a stronger light, and the red dragon widened his wings and roared like Earth Quaker. 
The last piece... 
It was being transmitted from the Sanctuary. This was something that only he could inherit from the Sanctuary. 
The demon king didn’t simply refer to the king of the Demon World. The demon king was the protector of the Sanctuary. Just like Erebos and Mother Earth, it was the person who maintained the strength of the Sanctuary itself. 
The Sanctuary, which had lost Mitra, wanted a new demon king. 
They had opened the shield in order to accept In-gong. 
The red dragon unleashed his magic power. Once again, disaster struck the battlefield. However, it was too late. The succession had already begun. 
Time seemed to slow down, like it had frozen over. In-gong was reminded of the past. 
At first, he had just wanted to live. He’d just thought about not wanting to be killed by Zephyr. 
Then his thoughts changed. He wanted to protect Felicia and Caitlin, and prevent that disastrous future. 
In-gong continued to meet more people, then he wanted to protect Chris and Silvan as well. It was the same with Anastasia. He wished to protect all the children of the demon king. 
Then In-gong remembered Green Wind begging him to pat her head... Amita smiling happily with a big belly and Elaine’s mischievous grin. There was also the sword duke’s greetings with Felicia and Anastasia and Sylvia’s gentle hug... Vandal chuckling next to the blushing Nayatra. Delia, Seira, Karma, and Daphne were also essential. 
“I’m sorry, are you leaving me out?” 
Carack laughed in In-gong’s imagination, and In-gong laughed as well. 
The light continued. The white light from the Sanctuary wrapped around In-gong. It became one with the power of Conquest and grew even more. 
The red dragon used his magic power. Simultaneously, In-gong also exuded an enormous magic power with an angry cry. 
Everyone looked at In-gong, and it was accepted by all. 
The strongest person in the Demon World... 
Protector of the Demon World... 
The demon king... 
In-gong was the one who took over the throne from the sura king, Mitra! 
The magics of the red dragon collided with In-gong in midair. The tremendous collision created a vicious magic vortex in the air. 
However, this was just a skirmish. Each of the red dragon’s seven heads had different powers. 
In-gong wasn’t watching quietly, and the protagonist brought all his strength together. 
Felicia and Caitlin, who stood right beside In-gong, roared simultaneously. The two people awakened as apostles of Conquest. 
Felicia, who was on the verge of exhaustion from faster than the wind, laughed. Meanwhile, Caitlin raised up the full strength of her wilderness and revealed a beautiful beast-like person. 
In fact, it wasn’t just the two of them. Call had been used despite the fact that In-gong hadn’t cried out a name. The King’s Knights gathered through In-gong’s power. 
Nayatra looked around her with a surprised expression as a mighty magic power moved around her body. Her purple hair blew in the wind. 
Vandal was also reborn as an apostle. He grew to a huge size reminiscent of a giant. 
Karma, who had already experienced the apostle upgrade, dealt with her power skillfully, and many spirits gathered around her. 
Silvan stood beside Felicia. The power of Conquest allowed him complete control over the fairy. 
"My master." 
“Master!” 
The white woman said in a sweet voice, while Green Wind, who had become the goddess of the wind, cried out competitively. 
"What a mess, a mess.” 
Carack laughed before blowing the horn again. It was to spread news to the whole Demon World that a new demon king had ascended. 
The black sky shook, and the white crack broke the red moon. 
Chris burst out laughing. It was right before the decisive battle, but he couldn’t help wanting to laugh. He envied Caitlin, Felicia, and Silvan who were gathered in one place. He should’ve closed his eyes and entered the King’s Knights. 
Anastasia admitted it. It was curiously comforting. Maybe she had known that this was going to happen. No, she had definitely known. She had guessed it since the moment she’d been saved by In-gong in Curtis. 
A smile appeared on her face. Anastasia had thought she would be upset, but she wasn’t. Baikal orabeoni’s words were right. They weren't enemies, they were competitors. However, In-gong was just more suitable to becoming the demon king. 
Then she remembered the words that Felicia and Caitlin always said.
‘Shutra. 
‘Truly, Shutra.’ 
Zephyr closed his eyes, simply accepting it. He was a prince of the Demon World and out of reach of War’s madness, Famine’s greed, and Death’s darkness. Zephyr was only responsible for his duties. 
‘It’s okay, Zephyr is still the coolest to me! And keep this a secret, but you are better than Erebos! Kyah! It will be okay! I’m telling you!’ 
Altesia’s voice was heard in his head. She used message magic on such useless words, but Zephyr couldn’t help smiling. 
Warrior Locke grabbed another sword while listening to the sound of the horn in the sky. Guardian Queian had given him another powerful sword which contained the magic of a dragon. The true Drakon Kechatulla had returned, but Locke was still a warrior of the Human World. Beatrice prayed while Carlov tied his hair up. 
Seven pillars of light emerged from the red dragon’s seven heads. At the same time, In-gong and everyone else started to move. Rather than fleeing from the fearsome power of destruction, they faced it head on. 
The sword duke wielded his sword. He cut through one pillar of light like he’d done with the tsunami of undead. Silvan and Felicia held hands and used the magic power of the fairy to block one light column. 
Zephyr and Quanta blocked another pillar. Altesia and Beatrice used their miracles of light and darkness to crush one light pillar, while Locke roared and attacked another. 
Five pillars of light were thwarted. One of the remaining two were handled by the queens. Sylvia’s and Titania’s powers twisted the trajectory of the light pillar, while Elaine concentrated the auras of the Blood Companions and destroyed the light pillar. 
One pillar of light remained. In-gong rushed toward it as it extended straight to the Sanctuary. Caitlin followed In-gong. He moved through the air and aimed White Eagle at the giant pillar of light. Then Green Wind cried out with him! 
“Absolute Area!” 
It was White Eagle’s super special move! 
A brilliant green light collided with the column of light and split it into hundreds of branches. The trajectory was reflected, and the branches aimed for the red dragon instead. 
However, In-gong didn’t stop. He reached for Caitlin’s waist while casting another skill. 
‘Black Specter.’ 
He triggered the super special move of Night Watch, Violent Kaltein’s equipment. 
In-gong turned into blue smoke. There was the sound of hundreds of wings flapping as he rushed toward the red dragon.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter
 






Chapter 227 - Chapter 48 - Myth #2
Hundreds of fragments from the light pillar scattered. Those that collided with the red dragon were destroyed. 
Kwaaaaaang!
There was a loud burst of thunder. Then the dark blue smoke turned into a person again. In-gong couldn’t completely narrow the distance to the red dragon as the magic power of the red dragon had pushed the blue smoke away. 
The red dragon didn’t stop there. As a result of his strong will, the black beasts leapt toward In-gong. 
In-gong felt it too and had already been preparing for the next move the moment the blue smoke ended. He grasped the Warrior’s Sword in his left hand. 
The black beasts opened their mouths. It seemed like they were going to swallow In-gong in one breath. In-gong held Caitlin’s waist tightly. He pulled her to him firmly and rotated his body. Wielding the Warrior’s Sword in his hand, In-gong activated its super special move. 
Beta emerged from the Warrior’s Sword! 
This was one of the hidden super special moves in Knight Saga. It was a technique which that was a simple thrust attack. 
A white glow exploded from the blade and smashed the black beasts in one strike. The red dragon’s magic power which pushed at In-gong was no exception. It left a big scar in the field of magic power. 
In-gong smiled faintly. It was a pleasure to use the Warrior’s Sword, but it wasn’t just the joy. He was convinced the moment he used it. In-gong felt the mighty power of Guardian Queian from the Warrior’s Sword. It was the same as the riders exercising their power through their knights. 
“Shutra!” 
Caitlin suddenly exclaimed. The black beasts were pouncing again. Instead of answering, In-gong triggered Blink and penetrated through the gap in the magic field. 
The red dragon stared at In-gong. Three of the seven heads were pointing at him. As In-gong got closer, he could feel the enormous size of the red dragon more strongly. 
Magic poured down from the sky. Two of the three heads aiming at In-gong gathered power in their mouths while the remaining one poured thousands of lightning strikes down toward In-gong. 
Caitlin swallowed her breath. In-gong could feel her pulse because they were hugging so tightly. As In-gong raised his head, he didn’t try to avoid it or to rush forward. He opened his inventory and released all his swords. 
Kwaaaaaang!
The swords filled with divine power and collided with the lightning. Of course, it was impossible to aim for each lightning strike. It was a type of barrage—no, it was a sword explosion. The sword duke would’ve scolded him if he saw it, but In-gong needed to defeat the lightning. 
He was blinded by a brilliant flash of light. It was the same for the red dragon and black beasts as well. 
Then In-gong broke through the rain of lightning. He was now only dozens of meters away from the red dragon. 
The two heads tried to aim their breaths at In-gong, but he wasn’t the only one here. There were others who had been waiting for a chance while making their way through the black beasts. 
“In the name of the light!” 
"I love you!" 
Light Saintess Beatrice shouted. Altesia also shouted nonsense, but her faithfulness to Erebos was heard clearly. 
A giant sword made of light was formed. From the ground, a black giant rose up and roared as it grabbed the sword of light. 
It was the move of the two saintesses which had destroyed Arch Lich Shutenberg’s magic circle. This one wasn’t as large as the red dragon, but it was still huge. The giant, which was dozens of meters tall, wielded the sword of light and generated an enormous force. 
Once again, the red dragon’s magic field was torn. The red dragon had no choice but to shoot a breath at the incarnation of the gods. 
The sword of light and light pillar clashed. The black giant jumped as it chopped at the pillar of light, painting a truly spectacular sight. 
The pillar of light struck the ground, and the ground shook while the giant fell and crushed the black beasts. At that moment, something happened which no one had been able to imagine. 
The red dragon, which had been standing still like a statue, moved quickly. He rotated his body and swung his tail like a whip. 
It was truly a natural disaster. Struck by the tail, the black giant was completely smashed. The ground was also split apart like there was an earthquake. 
Everybody on the ground swallowed hard. They couldn’t even scream at the sight. 
However, there were those who maintained their calm. The sword duke saw it clearly with his aura. The red dragon had forgotten about In-gong due to the black giant. The sword duke’s eyes followed In-gong’s figure moving in midair. 
A sacred green flame was around him. The sacred flame he had received from the last flame burned the air around the red dragon. 
In-gong narrowed the distance to the red dragon, and simultaneously, he began to think. Indeed, he had no solution to this problem if it was a huge red dragon. It was a huge opponent which was 100 times larger than In-gong. Wasn’t it like a human stepping on an ant? 
'But it is different.’ 
The red dragon had no flesh. Right now, this was just a giant soul shaped like a red dragon. There was no need to focus on his heads. 
From the very beginning, In-gong had been racing toward the red dragon’s chest, instead of his seven heads. He pulled out the Warrior’s Sword from his inventory and changed the arm holding Caitlin. He clenched his right fist and shouted happily, 
"The finest princess battery!” 
Caitlin hugged In-gong while feeling several emotions at once. There was a strange joy mixed in with resentment. 
“Shutra is too much!” 
Caitlin declared. At the same time, she focused all her strength on the Starlight Core. Her aura, which had been amplified after she’d been reborn as an apostle, rushed toward the Moonlight Core. 
Currently, In-gong had only one aura heart. It was both the dragon heart and Moonlight Core, meaning it responded to the Starlight Core. This was just a dual core, but its power greatly exceeded that of the past penta-core. 
Recorder Torres’ El Ragra showed its strength. At the same time, Earth Quaker roared loudly, and Great Enkidu generously gave In-gong strength. 
Kurarararara!
It was the roar of a dragon—Enkidu's call. 
"Ohhhhhh!" 
In-gong’s fist pierced through the air, executing Earth Quaker's super special move, True Destruction! 
The destructive power hit the red dragon’s chest. The vortex tore into the red dragon’s chest significantly. In an instant, the vortex of destruction reached dozens of meters in diameter. 
The red dragon screamed and wobbled from the pain. 
However, it was lacking. As In-gong had recognized, the red dragon wasn’t a being made of flesh and blood. It was just a huge soul. 
The red dragon emitted magic power. He pushed out with the power of destruction which could make the whole battlefield shatter. 
In-gong was swept out like he was caught in strong winds. The red dragon with a huge hole in his chest once again used magic. He tried to wipe out the battlefield with all types of disasters. 
Black beasts emerged steadily from the ground, and the soldiers, who were defending the Sanctuary after the shield disappeared, did their best to fight against the beasts. Lightning, explosions, and flames struck these soldiers. 
There was pandemonium everywhere. In the meantime, In-gong was holding Caitlin on the ground. He’d been struck by the red dragon’s magic power, so his body was a mess. If Green Wind hadn’t caught In-gong, he would’ve had a few broken bones. 
However, In-gong was sure of something. 
It had an effect. He had confirmed it with that blow. 
‘One more time. Just one more time!’ 
However, the red dragon didn’t allow it. Although he was scattering disasters across the battlefield, the red dragon didn’t forget In-gong. All seven heads aimed at In-gong. 
‘Master!’ 
Green Wind shouted hurriedly as she steered White Eagle and the two Black Eagles. She defended against the rain and lightning pouring down on In-gong while pushing out with strong winds against the force trying to choke him. 
"Prince!” 
Vandal came running while striking at the black beasts. Nayatra, who was riding on Vandal’s shoulders, used her magic and cast spells at the attacks on In-gong. 
"Run!” 
This was the only thing they could do to buy a few minutes for In-gong. 
However, it was enough. In-gong was grateful to both of them. He took an elixir out of his inventory and swallowed it while climbing on White Eagle. 
This time, Caitlin wasn’t the only one with In-gong. 
Felicia and Silvan followed right behind them. In-gong didn’t have to look back to feel both of them. He grabbed Caitlin tightly around the waist and stared straight ahead. 
The distance of several hundred meters seemed quite far, but he had to cross it once again. 
‘Faster... 
Faster than the wind!’ 
Kwang!
White Eagle launched with a roar. The black beasts threw themselves to stop him, but it was unreasonable because there was someone who had run forward to coincide with In-gong. 
The sword duke cut the air. The flash of light cleared away the black beasts, and a path was opened in front of In-gong. 
White Eagle flew. The seven heads of the red dragon focused on In-gong, while three pillars of light aimed straight for In-gong. 
This time, the queens didn’t stay still. Chris raised his power of wilderness, while Sylvia cast magic on his back. They rushed along with the Blood Companions. Chris and the Blood Companions blocked their auras, while Sylvia and Elaine crushed the pillars of light. 
Sylvia swallowed back her pain, and Elaine coughed up blood. This was the last time she could stop it. Another attempt wouldn’t work. 
The two queens fell to the ground. Titania protected both of them as she pushed back the black beasts. She raised her eyes to see the back of the running In-gong. 
The interference continued, but nobody managed to interfere with In-gong. 
Felicia and Silvan followed behind him. Then Silvan sprang forward while grabbing Amita’s sword. Just like the sword duke, he opened a path. 
Silvan used the lightning created by the fairy. 
The red dragon’s magic power reached out toward In-gong. The red dragon was trying to attack him directly, but Locke didn’t allow it. He released all his aura and divine power, producing a great sword. 
The sword was dozens of meters large. It was around the size of the sword of light which Beatrice had created. 
This sword of light struck the red dragon. No matter how powerful the red dragon was, it was impossible to ignore the attack which contained all of Locke’s power. The red dragon’s attention was drawn away as it used magic power to block the sword. 
The red dragon destroyed the sword with the power of destruction. The distance between In-gong and the red dragon narrowed further. At that moment, Quanta fired her cold breath. The black beasts near the red dragon were frozen. Zephyr, who was standing on Quanta’s head, fired at the red dragon. 
It was a beautiful blow. The blow was close to the extreme nothingness the sword duke had shown. 
Three of the red dragon’s seven heads were cut off. Zephyr exhausted all his aura and magic power doing it, but he was satisfied. He smiled faintly and shouted, 
"Go!" 
In-gong moved past Zephyr. 
The red dragon roared angrily. Huge flames emerged from the dragon and tried to swallow up In-gong. 
Felicia didn’t tolerate it. A wall of her flames opposed the red dragon’s flames. It was unreasonable to block the power of destruction, but she didn’t care. She just needed to buy time... enough time for In-gong to break through. 
Looking at In-gong’s back, Felicia gathered all her magic power and pushed back the red dragon’s fire. She used the last of her magic power to use recovery on In-gong. Felicia was more exhausted than all the times she’d used ‘faster than the wind’, but she was satisfied. 
Caitlin once again delivered aura through the Starlight Core, while Green Wind pushed away the red dragon’s flames with strong winds. 
Then finally, In-gong found it. In the midst of the flames, he found the essence of the red dragon’s soul which was being guarded by the Death Knight! 
The Death Knight rushed toward In-gong, and death poured out violent emotions towards Conquest. 
Conquest wrapped herself around In-gong. She was sad to be facing Death who felt both deadly love and hatred for her, but Conquest didn’t step back. 
The essence of the red dragon trembled tremendously. A terrible power of destruction could be felt from behind the Death Knight. 
The Death Knight’s swung his sword. In-gong stared straight forward and shouted,
“Carack!” 
“Kuraha!” 
It was Call. Carack cried out excitedly as he appeared in front of In-gong. He aimed his axe, which contained the pure power of Conquest, at the Death Knight. 
This was an unbelievable blow which made it possible for In-gong to go through. As Carack blocked the Death Knight, In-gong sprang off White Eagle! 
“Go!” 
Carack shouted. Caitlin remained on White Eagle and cried out the same thing. Green Wind pushed In-gong’s back, while the white woman faced the red dragon with the power of Conquest. 
The essence of the red dragon fired the power of destruction at In-gong. It was a tremendous force from the red dragon. 
However, In-gong wasn’t afraid. There was an irreversible wound remaining on the essence of the red dragon. 
It prevented the red dragon from gaining a new flesh. 
This was what would allow the red dragon to be destroyed. 
In-gong pulled back his fist, and the power of Guardian Queian and Great Enkidu wrapped around In-gong. The power of the Sanctuary defended In-gong from the destructive power. 
Then In-gong remembered. 
The move he’d been shown previously... 
The last will left behind by the protector of the Demon World... 
It finally sprouted from the depths of his heart. This was the last power given to In-gong who had been reborn as the guardian of the Demon World. 
He only used one thing: 
The ultimate power which destroyed even destruction! 
In-gong raised his fist and shouted the name of the move which would shatter the destruction that had tried to end the world 10,000 and 1,000 years ago. 
“Extreme nothingness!” 
The white light struck the essence of the red dragon. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 228 - Final Chapter: In-gong
All the lights and sounds were violent. Then it suddenly became quiet. There was no screaming or crying. 
The demon king had succeeded in destroying the red dragon. He turned the soul of the one who craved destruction back to nothing. 
The soul of the red dragon didn’t disappear at once. The gigantic flame which had lost its essence burned gorgeously like the sun. 
[Your level has risen.] 
[Your level has risen.] 
[Your level has risen.] 
[Your level has risen.] 
[Your level has ri....] 
[The level of Heavenly Wine has risen.] 
[The level of Heavenly Wine has risen.] 
[The level of Divine Scent has risen.] 
[The level of Divine Scent has risen.] 
[Heavenly Wine has been promoted to Ultimate Heavenly Wine.] 
[The level of Protagonist Body has risen.] 
[The level of Conquest has risen.] 
[The level of Pheromones has risen.] 
[Pheromones has been promoted to Ruling Pheromones.] 
[You have learnt Extreme Nothingness.] 
The letters of white light and the voice of the woman came in succession. At a quick glance, he had gained more than 10 levels at once. The messages rose on top of each other, making them seem endless, while the woman’s voice felt more difficult to hear than usual. 
'What is this Ruling Pheromones?’ 
In-gong breathed out as he thought about it. His exhausted stamina, magic power. and aura were immediately refreshed by the level-up effect. In-gong closed his eyes. Somehow, he felt like sleeping. 
However, he couldn’t sleep just yet. 
There were still things which needed to be cleaned up. 
‘Master!’ 
“Prince!” 
“Shutra!” 
Three voices called out behind him at the same time. There was no need for him to open the mini-map. In-gong raised a fist again, then he turned around as he felt the sadness and pain of the white woman. 
The Death Knight was rushing away from Carack as his feelings were being conveyed through the blue aura around him. 
Resentment, rage, and hatred sought to choke the white woman’s neck, and In-gong felt the Death Knight’s own emotions amidst that vortex of emotion. 
In-gong could see that the Death Knight was connected with the indigenous species. The Death Knight had been king of the indigenous species in the past, and the king had lived in deep regret and despair. 
In-gong laughed, then he clashed with the Death Knight. In-gong’s clenched fist reached the chest of the Death Knight, causing a deep dent. 
The Death Knight then started crumbling slowly from his chest, like old wood crumbling after too much time passed. 
It was natural. The Death Knight had to endure for too long. He had already been broken in the fight against the demon king. 
Then Death rose up, and Conquest pushed against Death. The two powers collided before Death disappeared in red flames. 
This time, In-gong sighed with relief. At this moment, something seemed to tackle In-gong. 
“Shutra!” 
It was Caitlin. In-gong hugged her and laughed. Then he understood why had she run to him so urgently. 
He was able to keep standing in the air due to Conquest, but the flames filling the surroundings were disappearing, making her unable to maintain her position. 
It was also true for Carack, who was falling. 
“Kuweeeh?” 
“Greenie!” 
In-gong called out the abbreviated version of Green Wind’s name. It was a desperate call and Green Wind answered. White Eagle flew at maximum speed and caught the falling Carack. 
“Hah.” 
In-gong felt like he had lost 10 years of his life. The final boss and intermediate bosses were now defeated, so it should be a happy ending. However, it would’ve been a bittersweet ending if Carack had died. 
'There is no happy ending without Carack.’ 
In-gong laughed at the thought. Then Caitlin got his attention from her spot within In-gong’s arms. In-gong looked down with a questioning expression, only to see Caitlin’s face draw nearer. 
He felt a moist and soft texture. Caitlin had touched her lips to his. 
Moreover, Caitlin’s eyes were wide open. He couldn’t help smiling at the ‘this isn’t it?’ expression on her face. 
“What is it?” 
In-gong asked as he withdrew. Caitlin pouted and said,
“I don’t know if it is delicious or not.” 
In-gong laughed and kissed Caitlin again. 
Caitlin’s eyes widened at the completely different kiss, then she closed them and hugged In-gong tightly. 
However, this didn’t last long because White Eagle had started to roam around In-gong while carrying Carack. 
"This isn’t the time for that.” 
Carack said with a halfhearted expression. In-gong released Caitlin as she stared at him with blank eyes. Although Carack’s pronunciation was messed up, he was able to understand the meaning. 
The red flames had died down. Therefore, In-gong could see the battlefield. Despite the death of the red dragon, the black beasts were still fighting the soldiers. 
He had thought the situation would be fixed after their creator, the red dragon, died. At that moment, both In-gong and Caitlin thought the same thing. They looked at each other and cried out in panicked voices. 
“Felicia!” 
“Felicia unni!” 
Felicia had crashed into the ground after pushing In-gong and Caitlin forward. If the black beasts were still attacking, then her safety couldn’t be guaranteed. 
“Felicia!” 
In-gong shouted again quickly. It was the same Call he had used to summon Carack. A crack opened in the air and Felicia appeared. She was exhausted and sweaty, but she didn’t seem to have any big injuries. 
In-gong reached out and embraced Felicia hurriedly. Felicia sighed with relief once she was in In-gong’s arms and whispered in a small voice, 
“Silvan.”
Silvan had protected Felicia as always. From the sky, they watched the army fight against the black beasts. 
“Prince.” 
Carack glanced at In-gong, who took a deep breath. He held Felicia and Caitlin with each arm, but he didn’t put them down. In-gong rose up higher and passed down a command as the demon king. 
‘Retreat. Move away from the center of the battlefield.’ 
In-gong was just like the previous demon king. Sylvia felt pained at the memories, but everyone followed In-gong’s words without any resistance. Elaine just laughed comfortably. 
As Silvan and the others moved away from the center, In-gong looked at the mini-map. The black beasts were gathered at the center of the battlefield. It was really a panorama of red dots. 
In-gong took in a deep breath. As Caitlin and Felicia leaned their heads against In-gong’s chest, he declared,
"I’ll do it in one blow." 
He was talking more to Caitlin than Felicia. Caitlin read In-gong’s intentions and nodded. 
In-gong stared at the air. As the new demon king, he built up a massive ball by adding magic power and aura, and Caitlin’s aura transmitted to the Moonlight Core. 
“Black Sun.” 
Of course, it wasn’t exactly like Shutenberg’s. If the destructive power was the same, then he wouldn’t be able to use it. He would vaporize the army as well as the beasts. 
This was a smaller version at Level one, but this was good enough. Caitlin hugged In-gong tighter as she looked at the mass of aura and magic power. Then he dropped the black sun to the ground. 
A great silence swept the ground, and the army of black beasts was instantly gone. 
[Your level has risen.] 
The level up was as expected since he had also defeated the Death Knight. A white light appeared around In-gong as his magic power and aura were restored. 
However, unlike In-gong, Caitlin’s aura and stamina were still exhausted, so she couldn’t help grumbling. 
“Shutra is too much.” 
Then she leaned her head forward cutely like she was sleeping. 
“Well, you are the same as always.” 
Carack nodded at the exhausted Felicia and Caitlin on both sides of In-gong. It really was a common sight. 
"Prince, don’t you care about the princesses?” 
"Of course.” 
Carack clicked his tongue at In-gong’s shameless answer while Green Wind appeared with a pout. In-gong wanted to pat Green Wind’s head but both his hands were full. He felt sorry as he used Telekinesis to do it, but Green Wind still smiled happily. 
'My master, look at the sky.’ 
The white woman’s voice was heard. In-gong suddenly looked up at the sky. The last flames had disappeared and the blue sky could now be seen. The darkness was scattering and the red moon created by the red dragon’s power had also disappeared. 
As a Drakon Kechatulla, he was able to know this. However, it wasn’t just that. The same phenomenon was happening throughout the Demon World, and In-gong could hear the giants and lizardmen. 
In-gong’s gaze moved to a place far away. He looked at the sky, but what he actually saw was the white woman deep in his soul. She was smiling with both joy and sorrow. Setting aside the red dragon, Death, War, and Famine were her lovers, friends, and siblings. 
‘I’m okay, my master. You have conquered me.’ 
The white woman said jokingly. In-gong smiled and looked down at the ground. Familiar faces appeared. Everyone was looking this way, except for Anastasia who was desperate to hear news about Baikal in the north. Sylvia and Elaine had strange smiles on their faces. 
In-gong exchanged looks with the sword duke before finally locking eyes with Locke and Zephyr. They were far away, but he could see both their expressions. Locke was smiling with satisfaction, while Zephyr nodded slowly before hugging Altesia, who was exhausted from her miracles. 
It seemed like there was no need to worry. In-gong hugged Felicia and Caitlin tightly again. Despite it being on the verge of sexual harassment, Felicia didn’t say anything while Caitlin complained about the pain. 
In-gong descended slowly like he was walking on stairs. Despite defeating the red dragon and the Death Knight, not everything was over yet.
In-gong gazed at the pillar of light in the center of the Sanctuary. Then the white woman whispered in In-gong’s ears,
'You can only talk to it once. Perhaps now is the only time. Do you want to talk?’ 
There was no reason to resist. No, this was a conversation that he needed to have, even if it was through force.  
It was at the Sanctuary’s pillar of light, where the people of the indigenous species were located. 
In-gong closed his eyes, and their minds were connected. 



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 229 - Final Chapter: In-gong #2
It was a familiar darkness. 
This was the space where the white woman usually was. Everything was dark, but he could still see clearly.
In front of him stood the golden-crowned, white woman. However, she wasn’t Conquest, and In-gong knew that instantly. 
“Hello.” 
The woman said. Then she closed her eyes, and In-gong wondered about what he should call her. 
"Indigenous species… should I call you that?” 
"Yes, if you want. It wouldn’t be bad to have a name that represents all of us.” 
They borrowed both this space and this form. In-gong let out a breath. The white woman smiled slightly like she sensed some of his fatigue. The two people sat facing each other on sofas. 
“Is this your will? A sense of self.” 
In-gong asked with surprise. If they had an ego, then why hadn’t they given any information until now? 
The indigenous species frowned like she was embarrassed and replied to In-gong’s question in a soft voice,
“Normally, we just exist and have little will. It was difficult to talk to you without Conquest’s help, so I borrowed her image and voice. This is just a temporary change to talk to you. After what we did to you… this is the least we can do.” 
The indigenous species had a wry smile on her face, but it didn’t last long. She fixed her expression and opened her mouth again. 
"I will answer your questions. Ask me anything you like.” 
Finally, it was time to get some answers to his questions. There were many questions running through his head, but the one that popped out first was unexpected. 
“Is the red dragon completely dead?” 
It was a little strange since he had definitely felt it. After he used Extreme Nothingness, he had sensed the disappearance of the red dragon. However, the red dragon had come back once already. So, In-gong couldn’t afford to be careless. 
The indigenous species smiled at In-gong’s question. She probably hadn’t expected In-gong to ask such a question. 
Her eyes were still closed, but she seemed to gaze into the distance. Then she turned to face In-gong again and said,
“He was destroyed. One day a similar presence might appear, but for now, the threat has disappeared.” 
The red dragon was the embodiment of destruction, so there was a possibility that a similar existence would appear again after a long time. 
However, not right now. It would clearly occur in a much longer time after In-gong was dead. 
In-gong sighed with relief and stretched a little bit. He gazed at the indigenous species. Once again, an unexpected question popped out of his mouth. 
“Were you the ones who called me?” 
"That's right. But it wasn’t just me. I want to explain a little to help you understand. Is that okay?” 
It seemed like it would be a long story. In-gong pointed to his head. 
“Can’t you shoot it directly into my head like the sword duke?” 
"Your spirit would be destroyed. We don’t show it off, but we are vast.” 
He understood. The person in front of him was made up of many souls. 
"Then please explain.” 
"I will.” 
The indigenous species took a deep breath. Then as Conquest, she started to explain in a slightly stiff tone, 
"10,000 years ago, all of the indigenous species became one. Just like the dark god Erebos, we became one of the pillars supporting this world. But unlike them, the indigenous species have willpower. Although it was weakened after we all became one, it still remained thousands of years later. The will to stop the destruction and protect this world, that is.” 
The indigenous species’ hands on her lap slowly formed fists, then her face turned away again. 
“The crisis was detected. Perhaps we sensed that the red dragon was alive outside the world. The former demon king, Mitra, also sensed this ominous feeling. He didn’t know for certain what it was, but he sensed it was the end.” 
The demon king had been able to see the flow of fate, but that didn’t mean he had known exactly what the flow meant. 
"We wanted someone to become one with Conquest and fight the red dragon. It was also aimed at helping Conquest escape from the fate of the end of the world. We came to the conclusion, along with Recorder Torres, that someone from outside this world was needed. A person who wasn’t touched in some way by the red dragon, the incarnation of destruction, or Conquest. Anybody who had been touched by the destruction wouldn’t be able to conquer Conquest perfectly.” 
The elder dragons were divine beings. Even though the body was broken and the soul fragmented, Ainkel still sometimes expressed her will to In-gong. So, it wasn’t strange for a piece of Torres’ broken soul to unite with the indigenous species. 
"Things started to lock together like the parts of a sophisticated machine. The son of the demon king who was born without a soul but had the potential to be reborn as a divine being, along with the soul from another world who could save Conquest from the fate of the end... Everything lined up.” 
In-gong was convinced. It was because In-gong’s soul was added to Shutra’s body that he could become like this. However, he suddenly had a question. 
Why had they picked In-gong? Why did it have to be him? 
“You are a man who is really suited to become the Conquest Knight.” 
The indigenous species said, and her smile comforted In-gong. 
This hadn’t been just a coincidence but because he was suitable. Maybe he was the only one. 
It felt a bit strange, but it wasn’t bad. 
“In the end, it wasn’t a game?” 
After coming here, it didn’t make sense that it was just a game. He had already heard a few stories about this world, and it was a completely different world from the game. 
The indigenous species nodded. 
"It isn’t clear what game you are talking about, but this is a different world from where you lived. I can only guess that there are peepers.” 
"Peepers?” 
“Recorder Torres shot out the records of our world in order to find you. One of them touched someone in your world, and he might have created a game that is similar to our world. And that story reached you. The moment you were summoned seemed to be a coincidence.” 
That made sense. The difference he saw between the game and what he experienced in this world was probably due to such an error. 
"Wait, then is time different between the worlds?” 
Knight Saga had already come out 10 years before. However, In-gong had arrived at Knight Saga when the storyline of the game hadn’t even occurred yet. Then time must be different if it was based on Torres’ records. 
In order for there to be a story, there needed to be a time lag between the worlds. 
"It does exist. However, it isn’t that simple. For a while, our time was slower than your world, but now, it will be the opposite.” 
In-gong was once again convinced. He immediately asked another question,
"If it isn’t a game system or a game world… what is Protagonist Correction?” 
“You are the chosen saviour of our world. You can be called the protagonist of our world. It was just occasionally pushing your back, but is it strange that the world is helping you?” 
In-gong nodded involuntarily. The world had helped him, literally making the Protagonist Correction. 
"And for what you called the game system… It was the easiest way for you to understand your growth. It is more correct to say that your subconscious created the system, rather than us. Moreover, you had the power of Conquest. You might have already guessed, but it was due to the power of Conquest that you learnt the skills so quickly.” 
He nodded again. It was certainly a convincing story. However, he then thought of something suddenly. 
"Are you the voice I hear every time I level up?” 
"Normally, it is impossible to talk to you like this. It is Conquest who delivered the voice to you." 
At that moment, In-gong imagined the white woman repeated reading ‘Your level has risen’ from a script in the darkness. He didn’t know if it actually happened, but he couldn’t help laughing. 
"Why is Zephyr like that?” 
"I don’t know what you are asking.” 
In-gong then explained specifically. He told her about Zephyr’s awful actions in Knight Saga. 
The indigenous species frowned like she was sorting her thoughts before speaking. 
"It is a story based on the records of our world, but it isn’t exactly the same. And maybe… the Zephyr in that story might be a Zephyr who was influenced by the four riders. Death and War were aiming for Zephyr. But thanks to your intervention, Zephyr was able to avoid that first contact. Small changes piled up to cause big changes.” 
In-gong thought about Gerard who had become the Famine Knight. Maybe Death and War really had caused Zephyr’s actions. 
"Then there won’t be something like the Day of Massacre? Zephyr won’t cause a rebellion?” 
“That is all up to Zephyr. A predetermined future doesn’t exist.” 
The Zephyr right now was a rational and good prince of the Demon World, but there was no guarantee that he would submit quietly to In-gong. Although Zephyr wasn’t a brutal murderer like in Knight Saga, he was still a powerful man with great ambitions and strength. 
However, In-gong wasn’t greatly troubled. It was only a short period of time, but the Zephyr he’d encountered wasn’t a match for him. 
"Are all your questions answered now?” 
“Well...” 
In-gong nodded before suddenly standing up. He had almost forgotten to ask the most important thing. 
“Can I return to my original world?” 
Return... Just as the beings in this world were precious to him, the people in his previous world were as well, such as his parents and his friends. 
The indigenous species shrugged slightly and said,
“It is hard at the moment. But it might be possible one day. The most difficult thing about moving through worlds is lining up the coordinates of your world and this world. Moving across worlds also requires a tremendous amount of magic power.” 
In-gong had already secured the most important thing. His eyes shone while the indigenous species had a sorry expression on her face. 
"I can give you the coordinates right now. I'm sorry but I will have to leave everything else to you. Once I go to sleep this time, I probably won’t be able to wake up again. I should do as much as I can for you while I’m awake.” 
In-gong was disappointed for a moment at the thought that returning was impossible. He didn’t hide his expression, which caused the indigenous species to laugh awkwardly. 
“Don’t make such an expression. Although my words are somewhat shameless, aren’t you glad that you came to this world?” 
“Huh?” 
"You met Felicia and Caitlin. Carack and Green Wind as well. You met them and changed their fates. Perhaps if you didn’t appear in this world, there would be more events before the red dragon returned. You might have blocked a terrible future for them.” 
The Day of Massacre and subjugation of the lycanthropes were things that could’ve happened. 
In-gong remembered the last he’d seen of Felicia and Caitlin in Knight Saga. He shuddered at the thought. 
"I hate to admit it, but I am glad.” 
In fact, it wasn’t just the two of them. It included Zephyr and all the children of the demon king. Sylvia and Elaine as well. If a future such as Knight Saga really unfolded, then it would’ve been disastrous for the Demon World. The war with the Human World would have been really devastating and truly like the end of the world. 
The indigenous species smiled. 
“Right? You also met beauties like Felicia and Caitlin. Moreover, you are now a king. Isn’t it like winning the lottery?” 
"Who knows how my life would’ve turned out?" 
How many times had In-gong struggled? 
The indigenous species shrugged at In-gong’s sharp words. 
"I'm sorry. It is almost time for me to disappear.” 
The indigenous species apologized. It seemed like she couldn’t say anything more using the white woman’s appearance. 
In-gong folded his arms while the indigenous species restored her expression again. She then spoke with an affectionate tone,
"Coincidence and inevitability meet to create fate.” 
In-gong’s meeting with this world... the branches of all his bonds started from there. 
"Thank you. Thank you for saving our world.” 
The indigenous species got up from her seat and approached In-gong. Then she kissed In-gong’s forehead gently. It was a blessing from this world. 
"May your destiny always be full of blessings.” 
The indigenous species smiled. Then white light filled darkness. 
&  
In-gong opened his eyes. It was still the battlefield. Felicia was dozing off on In-gong’s chest, while Caitlin was sipping from an elixir In-gong had given her before. 
“Shutra?” 
Caitlin asked as In-gong suddenly raised his head. In-gong glanced back at her before turning his head. 
“Carack.” 
"What is it?” 
"I’m here because of you.” 
“What does that mean?” 
Carack looked confused, but In-gong didn’t answer. Instead, he turned to Felicia and Caitlin within his arms. He pulled the two of them close to him again. 
“Shutra?” 
Caitlin asked with surprise while Felicia muttered about the pain. However, In-gong didn’t release the strength in his arms. 
"It's a good thing." 
“What?” 
"Just... all of it.” 
He had changed the ending so that this would be the future and not that terrible one he’d seen. 
In-gong smiled and kissed Caitlin. Then he also kissed Felicia’s forehead several times.  
It was a sudden affection but the black beasts were cleared out, so Carack couldn’t criticize him. 
Carack clicked his tongue and said, 
"Prince, do it moderately. 6th Princess can’t stand properly." 
It was certain that Felicia and Caitlin needed to rest. Moreover, there was one more thing that In-gong had to take care of. 
"Master, are you going to praise me? I have been waiting for a long time.” 
Green Wind appeared with a pout before In-gong. In-gong stretched out the arm holding Caitlin and stroked Green Wind’s head. 
“Good?” 
“Good.” 
Green Wind hugged In-gong’s neck, and Carack started laughing again. 
In-gong’s gaze moved to a place far away. He saw those heading in this direction. They were all welcome faces, y
et it would still take them some time to arrive. In-gong waited for them and asked,
"The Demon King’s Palace, should I build it again?” 
The new demon king needed to be crowned. Felicia nodded with a gloomy face as she was reminded of the demon king. In-gong held Felicia’s waist a little tighter and whispered,
"Then we will get married.” 
Felicia hurriedly opened her fan, but it was useless. Caitlin hit In-gong’s chest on behalf of the blushing Felicia. 
"Let’s go back first. After we rest, I’ll tell you everything.” 
“Huh?” 
Felicia blinked with confusion while Caitlin shook her head. Green Wind didn’t care about anything as she closed her eyes and clung to In-gong. 
“Prince.” 
Carack called out to In-gong. The one who In-gong had first seen when he opened his eyes in this world said to him,
“You did your best.” 
"Yes, you too.” 
What more was needed to be said? 
In-gong looked at the pillar of light where the indigenous species was located, then he looked back in the direction of the Demon King’s Palace. 
A pleasant wind hit In-gong’s cheeks.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 230 - Epilogue #1
The battle for the Sanctuary was over, but that was it. The attacks in the north and east were still going strong. 
Thanks to this, In-gong and the other children of the demon king didn’t have time to rest as they were forced to enter the battlefield. 
In particular, the situation at the Aegis Gate in the north was serious after parts of the walls had collapsed. It managed to be protected thanks to Baikal and the captains, but the situation was still very precarious. 
Since the new demon king wasn’t officially crowned yet, the royal children and queens gathered to take defensive measures. After a short debate, it was decided where the royal children and the captains would be dispatched. 
Silvan and Felicia were sent to the west. Chris and Caitlin headed east, while Zephyr and Anastasia accompanied the two captains to the north. 
In-gong would visit the north, east, and west in a sequential order. As the next demon king, it was necessary for In-gong to look at all three battlefields. 
It took more than two months to defeat all the barbarians in the northeast. The battle with the northern barbarians, who had partially destroyed the Aegis Gate, was particularly fierce, but the Aegis Gate was defended thanks to all four captains, Baikal, Zephyr, Anastasia, and In-gong. 
Three months after the battle against the red dragon, In-gong was finally able to return to the center. 
Baikal remained in the north to restore the Aegis Gate, but he declared his support for In-gong just before In-gong left. 
Even though In-gong’s position as the next demon king was almost certain, the support of Baikal, as the eldest son and leader of one of the three factions, was huge. 
The succession of the new demon king occurred smoothly. There was no civil war between princes, as suggested by Baikal’s support. 
Anastasia also expressed her support. Zephyr didn’t make a declaration, but two of the three factions already supported In-gong, so his silence was sufficient. 
After In-gong returned to the area where the Demon King’s Palace was being rebuilt, he met up with Warrior Locke. 
Locke had been on almost all the battlefields in the last three months. They watched each other’s back and now knew how to read each other. 
Therefore, Locke immediately understood why In-gong had called him. The two men faced each other under the night sky with the bright moon and laughed awkwardly. In-gong was the one to open his mouth first. 
"Now, I think this is occurring a little bit late.” 
In-gong was holding the Warrior’s Sword in his hand. Rather than taking the sword right away, Locke folded his arms and asked with narrowed eyes,
"Are you returning it?” 
"It is because the name is the same as the brave warrior.” 
In-gong could keep it, but it felt uncomfortable. Locke was the brave warrior in Knight Saga. Moreover, In-gong was more of a fists martial artist, so he didn’t have much use for it. 
Locke suddenly laughed at In-gong’s words. 
"Isn’t it too late to say this?” 
"The sword is too good, so I am giving it back.” 
In-gong responded mischievously to the question. Locke and In-gong looked at each other and laughed. 
"Okay, then I will hand the name to you.” 
"Locke?" 
Locke sighed at In-gong’s surprised response. He closed his eyes for a moment before saying,
“As you said, this is the Warrior’s Sword. It matches the one who defeated the red dragon and defended the peace.” 
A warrior wasn’t simply a job, nor was it a name which could be self-styled. 
Heroes and warriors were people who broke the crisis. They defended peace. 
Locke thought that the name befitted In-gong more than him. 
"Instead of taking it, please come to the Human World and help me if anything happens. Just like my business trip this time.” 
"Well, there are still problems in that area.” 
In-gong smiled as he recalled the Human World in Knight Saga and nodded. After talking to the indigenous species, he knew that this world wasn’t quite like Knight Saga. However, a lot of the basic information coincided. Unlike the Demon World where In-gong had changed many things, it was likely that the Human World was more similar to Knight Saga. 
'Rebellions, civil war, mad apostles who want to call down the god of destruction… there are many things.’ 
The number of events was actually more than in the Demon World. 
Locke frowned as he looked at In-gong. 
“What do you mean by problems?” 
“Nothing. I guess I’ll be busy in the future.” 
In-gong placed the Warrior’s Sword into his inventory and held out a hand for Locke to shake. This time, Locke grabbed In-gong’s hand without any resistance. 
"Thanks again. I enjoyed our time together.” 
"Yes, I did as well.” 
They exchanged warm glances and shook hands a few times, seeming to convey their hearts through the tight grip. 
If Locke returned to the Human World straight away, this would’ve been perfect. However, Locke didn’t show any signs of going back. In-gong asked somewhat awkwardly,
"But aren’t you returning to the Human World?” 
"I will go with you for now. In the near future, you will be crowned. I have to see my friend become the king. This is a great moment, so how can I miss it? I don’t have to return to the Human World immediately.” 
In-gong had to hear it again. It was a situation where the fighting had just ended. Locke wasn’t a mercenary, but In-gong still felt uncomfortable. 
Locke knocked his shoulders against In-gong’s. 
“Then let’s go back. Carack will ask why two men are meeting in the middle of the night.” 
“Um, yes.” 
In-gong nodded and headed back to his accommodations with Locke. It was awkward, but it seemed more awkward to say anything, so In-gong and Locke walked in silence. 
&  
All the queens were the leaders of their species except for 1st Queen Aishar Ragnaros. Due to this, they were more likely to stay at their own palaces instead of the Demon King’s Palace. 
However, this past month was different. The queens didn’t stay in the Demon King’s Palace but a small castle they built near it. The rebuilding of the new palace was an issue, but there also wasn’t much time left until the coronation.
The day after his conversation with Locke, In-gong was sitting down with a very uncomfortable expression. A white table was set up in the indoor garden, with In-gong being the only male present. 
The remaining people were all females. They were also composed of queens and princesses. 
"Well, it makes sense to arrange the marriages now. It is a good thing.” 
Anastasia said as she put down her cup. After declaring her support for In-gong as the next demon king, her attitude and tone had become lighter than before. It felt like a heavy load had been put down. 
In-gong remained silent, and it was the same for Felicia and Caitlin, who were sitting next to 3rd Queen Sylvia Doomblade and 4th Queen Elaine Moonlight respectively. Both of Felicia and Caitlin had red cheeks. 
Anastasia glanced at both of them before looking back at In-gong. Then she threw a bomb in her usual elegant manner. 
"But who will be the 1st Queen among the two of them?” 
It was almost certain that Felicia and Caitlin would become In-gong’s queens. Then the question was who would become the 1st Queen? 
'Master, this is a strange atmosphere.’ 
Green Wind murmured as she appeared in her semi-solid state. The white woman also whispered in In-gong’s ears,
'It would be better to stay quiet at this time, my master.’ 
It was really proper advice, so In-gong did as she said. As In-gong remained silent, Felicia and Caitlin looked at each other with subtle expressions. Felicia was the first one to open her mouth. 
“Uh...aren’t I older?” 
Felicia sent a glance asking, ‘Is it okay?’ to Caitlin. Caitlin puffed up slightly before muttering in a small voice. 
"Unni is cheap.” 
Caitlin didn’t intend to step back. 
No matter what anyone said, this was about being in the 1st position. Naturally, it would be preferred over 2nd position. 
The queens just smiled with relaxed faces at Felicia and Caitlin’s cute quarrel. 
2nd Queen Titania sighed and said,
"Age doesn’t make much sense when it comes to the position of the queens. It isn’t listed by age.” 
In fact, 1st Queen Aishar was younger than 2nd Queen Titania. 
Felicia and Caitlin alternated between being apologetic and happy at Titania’s words. However, that only lasted for a second. Just like Anastasia, Titania threw a bomb with a smiling face. 
"But if it is age… Anastasia, what do you think? Don’t you want to be the 1st Queen?” 
The dark elves and lycanthropes, who had the 3rd Queen and 4th Queen, were once again in the process of setting up queens. As queen of the succubi, Titania could just sit back and clap. 
She said it like a joke, but Anastasia wasn’t confused. It was obvious that they had already discussed it to some extent. The other queens had also expected it somewhat. 
"Then should I be a candidate for Shutra’s queen? Shutra, what do you think?” 
Anastasia smiled elegantly at In-gong. Felicia and Caitlin looked at In-gong simultaneously, while Green Wind also looked down at In-gong. 
“Uh, yes...?” 
Anastasia as a queen? 
It was something he had never thought about, so In-gong needed time to think. Whether it was for political reasons or something else, it wasn’t just a joke. 
"Actually, there is a better suggestion.” 
Titania said suddenly as tensions escalated. She shrugged lightly as everyone’s eyes turned to her again. 
"If you are planning politically motivated marriages, wouldn’t it be better to marry the rulers of each species? What do you think, Shutra?” 
“Uh, euh, huh?” 
In-gong blinked with confusion as he didn’t understand what she was talking about for a moment, hence his confused reply. 
What did she mean? 
Elaine giggled as Anastasia and the other princesses stared in shock. 
"That is a good idea, although it is unprecedented in history. Isn’t this the right answer when approaching it from a political point of view? Sylvia, what do you think?” 
"Stop joking around.” 
Sylvia said rationally with narrowed eyes. Felicia and Caitlin sighed at her words, while Elaine pouted with vexation. 
"Oh, it was so much fun.” 
Then she winked at In-gong. In-gong tried to ignore Elaine’s gaze, but Titania added more mean words. 
"Shutra, don’t miss me too much.” 
In-gong didn’t know what to do and chose the silent path. However, silence wasn’t the correct answer as Felicia’s eyes narrowed and Caitlin puffed up angrily. 
'My master, it isn’t good to be too quiet.’ 
‘Master, I agree with the thieving cat.’ 
In-gong was smarting from everyone’s looks. He hadn’t done anything wrong, so why were things like this? 
‘Carack, I miss you right now.’ 
In-gong lifted his cup as he remembered Carack’s smiling face. He wanted to use Call to summon Carack, but he couldn’t. 
‘Count’ Carack, the close aide of the next demon king, had returned to his hometown with his wives. It was the first vacation Carack had taken since meeting In-gong, so he couldn’t interfere. 
"Shutra, who will be your 1st Queen?” 
Anastasia asked elegantly and In-gong laughed awkwardly as all eyes looked at him.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Chapter 231 - Epilogue #2
“The coronation is soon.” 
“The wedding will be soon.”
Silvan and Chris stood side by side in the temporary Demon King’s Palace. Normally, they would be awkward standing together, but today was a bit different. The two people stood with comfortable expressions. 
“How surprising.”
“What?” Silvan asked. 
Then Chris shrugged and spoke with playful eyes, “I thought you would be crying due to Felicia ignoring you.”
Silvan was truly an idiot when it came to his sister. Rather than getting angry, Silvan just laughed and responded in a similar manner. 
“Don't you feel the same way?” 
Chris also treasured his sister. No, Chris treated her more like his daughter than his little sister. He was truly overprotective. It was surprising that he had ever let her onto the battlefield. 
It was an effective counterattack, but Chris just scoffed. 
“You might have forgotten, but I was the one to propose the marriage to Shutra.”
“Yes, you were the villain. Bad person.”
Silvan and Chris laughed like idiots. It had been a long time since they could stand side by side and exchange jokes. 
Then Chris took a deep breath. He looked at Silvan’s golden eyes which weren’t covered with an eyepatch and asked unconsciously, 
“Oh, can you control it now?”
“Somewhat,” Silvan replied with a grin. 
Chris nodded at the reply. “Then it is okay.”
It had already been 10 years since the incident. Moreover, it hadn’t been intentional. Chris hadn’t wanted to admit it, but it hadn’t been Silvan’s fault.
As a child, Silvan’s fairy had gone wild and almost killed Caitlin and Chris. It had been such a great shock that Silvan and Caitlin didn’t remember what had happened, but Chris did. 
It had been an accident. Fortunately, there had been no casualties, nor had it caused tension between 3rd Queen Sylvia and 4th Queen Elaine. However, Chris never forgave Silvan after that, until now. 
When had this change of heart occurred? 
Was it when Silvan showed he could control the fairy? Or when they became active in the same faction? 
Chris recalled the dark elves’ Sky Forest. The image of Silvan rushing to save people by using the fairy came to mind. 
“By the way...”
Silvan suddenly opened his mouth. Chris turned around and grinned. Silvan had the same expression he always showed Felicia. 
“Doesn’t Felicia look fantastic as a bride?”
 There was no doubt about it. Chris frowned but soon smiled. He spoke with a strong tone,
“Caitlin is cuter.” 
Absolutely. 
The two fools looked at each other and laughed. 
& 
The reconstruction work was continuing at the Demon King’s Palace. It had only been a few months since they’d started construction, but the shape of the castle was already appearing thanks to the enormous number of people helping.
“It still seems like it will take a long time.”
“It is because the Demon King’s Palace is a large city. It will take a few years to restore its old appearance.” Vandal, who was a newly appointed captain of the royal guards, was wearing flashy armour. He wanted to take it off all the time, but his position as a captain didn’t allow him to do so.
Standing next to Vandal was the beautiful succubus, Nayatra. She wore neat clothing which signified she was part of the Demon King’s Intelligence Agency, but she would soon form a new organization. 
Vandal looked around the construction site and sighed again. 
“The coronation is in a month… It seems like it would be better to celebrate it elsewhere.”
 The construction speed was fairly fast, but as Nayatra said, the Demon King’s Palace was a big city. There wasn’t much which could be done in a month. Perhaps the limit was the area around the Black Castle where the ceremony would be held. 
Nayatra nodded in agreement, but her mouth turned slightly downwards. 
“It is because the palace is a symbol. Apart from the Sanctuary, this is the only place where we can have the ceremony.” 
“It can’t be helped.”
Eventually, Vandal was convinced again. The palaces of the queens were luxurious and beautiful enough to celebrate the ceremonies, but they were too many queens. Picking one of their palaces would offend the others. Politics was a complicated thing. 
Vandal shook his head to get rid of the complicated thoughts and turned to Nayatra. “Is your work going well?”
 He was asking about a specific thing, and Nayatra understood. She replied with slightly pouted lips, 
“Well, there is progress. The queens are overcrowded, but it seems possible to be a concubine.”
Unfortunately, her rivals were too powerful. Moreover, the position of queen wasn’t something which could be achieved through love alone. She needed strong supporters, but Nayatra didn’t have anyone. Additionally, according to information collected by Nayatra, it was undisputed that Anastasia would be crowned as 1st Queen. It was tradition for other succubi to become the concubines. Originally, the concubines of the demon king were the species which lacked the resources to establish a queen.
Although it was a story without any romance, the queens and concubines were the definition of political maneuvering. Cases like the former demon king and the 3rd Queen, or In-gong, Caitlin and Felicia were rare cases. 
Vandal gazed at Nayatra with a sorry expression and said,
“It is sad.”
“It is realistic.”
Simply meeting the prince was enough of a miracle. 
A charming smile appeared on Nayatra’s face. 
“There is a high chance of winning. I already have a strong relationship with Prince—no, the demon king.”
 Nayatra said with confidence.
In-gong’s story was frankly unbelievable. It was difficult to understand about the concept of a game. 
However, she had to believe it, and she was very satisfied with the things he’d told her about herself. Those in the Demon King’s Palace who knew the ‘truth’ about In-gong could be counted on one hand. 
“Well, as long as you don’t dislike it. I'll cheer you on.”
“Captain, thank you for the support.”
Vandal burst out laughing at Nayatra’s cool answer. It was a louder laugh than usual, so Nayatra grinned. 
“What is it?”
“I feel like you are really familiar.”
 It was as if there was a chain of fate between them.
Nayatra laughed as she recalled In-gong’s story and said coyly, 
“I do as well, but you know that I’m not going to fall in love with you, right?” 
“Don't worry. I am not Carack.”
He was an orc, but his wives weren’t orcs. 
“That's right.”
 Nayatra once again agreed. It was pleasant to hear the sound of hammering as the sun set.
& 
Time passed quickly. After a month of vacation, Carack returned with his wives. In-gong felt reassured after seeing Carack’s relaxed face.
Invitations were dispatched all over the Demon World for the coronation. Baikal, who was responsible for the restoration of the Aegis Gate, as well as Victor returned after nearly half a year in the west. 
Victor, who had been alone during the events which determined the destiny of the Demon World, became a strange presence in the new kingdom, but nobody was concerned. 
There was a lively atmosphere due to the marriage ceremonies which would occur one month after the coronation. The wedding would be held three times in a row, so there would be a festive atmosphere for a few months. 
During the night before the coronation... 
In-gong stood next to Zephyr on a dark terrace. 
Among the people who led the three factions of the Demon King’s Palace, Zephyr hadn’t declared support for In-gong, but it was enough that he showed up today. This alone expressed his intentions.
“Demon king… No, it is enough if Abamama had already decided it.”
Zephyr, who had been the most powerful prince until In-gong appeared, knew many things. He knew about the demon king handing over the Seed of Extreme Nothingness, Caitlin’s birth secret, and even the fact that In-gong wasn’t the real son of the demon king. 
However, he hadn’t said anything until this day. Zephyr had kept quiet. 
It was due to the previous demon king. 
Zephyr was a proud member of the Demon World’s royal family. He had no desire to challenge his father’s will. Moreover, he had one belief. 
“The demon king should be the strongest person in the Demon World. The demon king is the one who protects the Demon World.”
It was why Zephyr had returned. 
In-gong quietly smiled at Zephyr’s story. He tried to hold it back, but the corners of his mouth curled up. 
Zephyr frowned at the sight. 
“Be vigilant. You need to maintain your position as the strongest.”
This was a warning that things might be different if Zephyr became stronger, but In-gong’s smile stayed. 
It wasn’t because In-gong was confident that, as a descended god, he could beat Zephyr. 
‘It is great.’
In-gong was standing next to Zephyr. It was difficult to compare this Zephyr to the brutal killer who had caused the Day of Massacre in the game. 
As In-gong continued to smile, Zephyr narrowed his eyes with a worried expression. His choice had been made in this meeting. 
In-gong laughed and relieved Zephyr’s worry.
The night passed by, and the morning of the coronation dawned brightly. 
& 
Everybody was gathered in the Demon King’s Palace. 
Lords, various officials, and influential figures from other areas were lined up on the left and right of the red carpet leading up to the elevated altar.
As In-gong sat in the waiting room, he looked at a welcome face. They were outdoors, not indoors, and many things were different, but he couldn’t help feeling nostalgic. 
“These clothes are still tight.”
 Carack, who wore a black suit, said as he touched his neck. Instead of answering, In-gong stood up. 
“9th Prince’s entry.”
Isabella called from the podium. It was the last time he would officially be called the 9th Prince. This wasn’t a bad thing, but he couldn’t help feeling regret. 
As In-gong stepped on the red carpet, Carack followed quietly behind him, and those on the left and right bowed their heads. 
In-gong saw Ferocious Eyes and Vandal. He also saw Nayatra and the other children of the concubines. 
The finely dressed Felicia, Caitlin, and Anastasia were waiting at the altar. Felicia was wearing a red dress with a high degree of exposure as always, while Caitlin wore a blue dress which gave off a cute feeling. It was due to Chris’ influence that her shoulders were covered up. 
Anastasia, standing beside them, was dressed in white and looked like an elegant goddess. 
Felicia’s smiling eyes could be seen above her fan. Caitlin laughed brightly, while Anastasia smiled and moved a little closer to In-gong. The sword duke was standing close to the altar with a crown in his hands.
It was a new crown which Amita had created just for today. Amita was a slave to the Heavenly Wine as always, so they had made it despite their tail thumping against the ground. It was a joyful day, so In-gong had provided Amita with enough Heavenly Wine to make them smile happily. 
The effect continued on. Despite wearing a collar, Amita was shaking their tail with a happy face from where they stood by the sword duke’s feet. Behind Amita and the sword duke, Daphne was smiling. 
“Go.”
Carack stopped in front of the altar and said in a small voice. In-gong looked at Carack before nodding. 
Then In-gong stepped onto the altar. Felicia, Caitlin, and Anastasia walked behind In-gong as he followed the sword duke toward the highest point of the altar. 
The throne of the demon king... 
In-gong had inherited it after Mitra. The previous demon king had always been silent but never heartless. Rather, he was a warm-hearted person. 
The Protector of the Demon World... 
Mitra was the Watcher of the Demon World. 
Felicia’s eyes were red. In-gong gently wiped at Felicia’s eyes before standing before his throne. He then looked out over the Demon King’s Palace. 
“Master, how great.”
Green Wind said as she suddenly appeared. Due to being upgraded to an apostle for this occasion, she looked like a goddess. 
Although Green Wind wasn’t a queen or concubine, she was sensitive to the occasion. It was important for her to be with In-gong. 
“My master.”
The white woman with a golden crown appeared in front of In-gong and took the crown from the sword duke.  
She stared directly at In-gong and declared in a soft voice, 
“Punishment, obedience, governance.”
It was the true power of Conquest. 
The white woman bowed to In-gong, then she placed the golden crown on his head. 
This was the birth of the new demon king. The queens of the former demon king looked at In-gong with a mixture of regret and joy. Chris and Silvan applauded loudly, while Baikal smiled. Victor clapped with an awkward expression, but no one paid attention to him. Clearly, things were still awkward with him. 
Zephyr gave a wry smile and clapped. Altesia laughed and pulled at his arms, while Locke stood next to Zephyr in silence. 
“In-gong.”
Felicia said, grasping In-gong’s arms gently. In-gong smiled at her uncomfortable tone and said, 
“Don’t overdo it.”
“Yes, Shutra.”
She had heard all about it from In-gong, but nothing had changed. In-gong was still the In-gong whom she’d encountered at the Red Lightning tribe. He was the person whom Felicia had loved from beginning to end. 
Caitlin saw what Felicia was doing and pulled at In-gong’s other arm. In-gong laughed and asked Caitlin, 
“Noona, can I request it just this once?” 
It seemed appropriate to hear it at this moment. 
Felicia laughed as she understood what he was asking for. Green Wind looked at them with discontent, while Anastasia shook her head. 
Caitlin’s cheeks became slightly red at In-gong’s request. It was embarrassing to be asked to do it. 
“Shutra is amazing.”
Caitlin muttered in a low voice, but she was smiling brightly. 
In-gong kissed Caitlin’s forehead. Then after kissing Felicia as well, In-gong looked up at the sky.
It was a happy ending which completely broke the ending of Knight Saga. 
He had crushed that ending with his own hands. 
In-gong grinned.
Breakers is officially complete!!!
Thank for you my editor LD, who has been with me since the beginning of the story and has managed to do everything I asked, no matter how crazy. Thank you to the readers for following this work until the end. For all the patrons who donated, I truly appreciate all of it.
This might not be the full end, as the author has expressed interest in writing some side stories.
So I hope to see you all on my next two works, which will be releasing sometime next week. If you click the next chapter link, you will be directed to a teaser of one of the stories.
Enjoy and thank you again~
P.S. I will be doing a Q&A on the Wuxiaworld Discord Channel in one hour. It will be in the Storytelling Voice Chat, with all questions being asked in the Breakers Channel. See you there~



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Breakers SS #1 – Anastasia’s Day
It was afternoon, two days after the coronation of the new demon king. 
The three queens of the new demon king, who were the princesses of the former demon king, had gathered in one place.
They were in a well-decorated room. The ceiling was high and had a little bit of a dreary look, but the thick carpet and various decorations gave it a cozy feeling. 
As the princesses sat opposite each other on a round table filled with sweets and tea, two of them were arguing.
4th Princess Anastasia Nekrion, who was to be the 1st Queen, watched her sisters with a somewhat relaxed face.
“Since Anastasia unni is to be 1st Queen, shouldn’t the next oldest be the 2nd?”
Felicia said with a smile. However, Caitlin immediately puffed up in response.
“Unni is petty.”
It was because being 2nd was better than being 3rd, just like being 1st was better than being 2nd. 
The dark elves and the lycanthropes had forces of almost equal size, and they also had a similar degree of influence in the Demon King’s Palace. Therefore, it wasn’t easy to set the order of the king’s favour.
‘The other person is Shutra.’
‘Shutra’ was the magic word here as well.
Anastasia reached for her teacup elegantly and sighed.
“Just do rock paper scissors. Or draw lots.”
Both Felicia and Caitlin puffed up at Anastasia’s suggestion. In fact, they had good reasons for it. Anastasia had suddenly taken the spot of 1st Queen. 
The reason why Anastasia was the 1st Queen was simple.
One, the power of the nightmares was stronger than the dark elves and lycanthropes. 
Two, 3rd Queen Sylvia and 4th Queen Elaine had accepted 2nd Queen Titania’s offer. 
In other words, the queens had discussed among themselves and made Anastasia 1st Queen.
Felicia and Caitlin wanted to protest, but it couldn’t be helped. This was what a royal marriage was; a royal marriage couldn’t be established with affection alone. 
Anastasia ignored her younger sisters’ disgruntled eyes and asked again,
“Do Silvan and Chris have any opinions on this?”
“They wanted to duel with each other to decide.”
Felicia answered with a sigh, causing Caitlin to sigh as well. Anastasia laughed.
“Those children.”
Chris, who was normally cold, was losing his rationality for Caitlin’s sake. There was no need to mention Silvan. Anastasia thought about how Silvan and Chris earnestly wanted to duel and couldn’t help smiling again.
“Princess Caitlin, it is ready.”
A maid, Aphrasa, emerged from behind a curtain and said politely. The reason why the new queens had gathered here wasn’t to decide the 2nd Queen and 3rd Queen but to prepare Caitlin’s new wardrobe. 
It was significant since the dimensions would also be used for her wedding dress.
“Go.”
“Yes.”
Felicia said with a wide smile, causing Caitlin to nod. Caitlin was very glad to be picking new clothes without Chris’ intervention.
‘They fought so hard until now.’
Anastasia covered her mouth with the teacup. In fact, this wasn’t an issue in the first place because the relationship between the two people was too good. It was highly likely that the order of the 2nd Queen and 3rd Queen would be resolved soon enough.
As Caitlin moved beyond the curtain, Felicia sighed once again. She took a sip of the tea, straightened her posture, and gazed at Anastasia. 
Caitlin wouldn’t be back for a while. It was time for political talk, not a chat between sisters.
“Do you know?”
Anastasia said as she lowered her cup. Felicia raised her eyebrows and replied carefully,
“Draconian… the 4th Queen?”
Currently, it was set that Anastasia, Felicia, and Caitlin would be queens. However, it was easy to guess that there would soon be a 4th Queen. 
Among the species which already had queens, the draconians were the only ones without a queen.
“The most likely candidate for the 4th Queen is Leticia. Do you know who that is?”
“Baikal orabeoni’s cousin?”
“Yes, the only child of the draconian king’s eldest son.”
At present, the draconians were led by King Zanskal, Baikal’s and Zephyr’s grandfather. If it was the daughter of his eldest son, it wasn’t an exaggeration to call her the best draconian candidate. 
However, Felicia frowned and complained,
“But she is too old.”
According to what Felicia remembered, Leticia was 33 years old. In-gong was only 15, so that was more than double his age. 
However, Anastasia just laughed.
“The draconians are long-lived. It isn’t like us mixed-bloods, but their growth is slow… Just looking at appearance, she isn’t much different from Caitlin.”
Felicia’s eyes widened at Anastasia’s words.
“Have you seen her?”
“Yes.”
Anastasia was the leader of one of the three factions, so she couldn’t miss out on any information about the draconians.
‘If Baikal orabeoni or Zephyr orabeoni had become the demon king… Leticia would probably have become the 1st Queen.’
The draconian king had calculated that both the demon king and queen would be from his own blood. However, all those plans had been broken abruptly because of Shutra.
“So, is she pretty?”
Felicia asked with a hint of irritation in her voice. Anastasia smiled gently and said something else instead.
“The story is still below the surface, but it will soon be formalized. Since the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd Queens were decided at almost the same time, they don’t want the 4th Queen to be too late.”
“Pretty?”
In the end, Anastasia couldn’t hold back her laughter.
“Don’t worry, you are the prettiest.”
Realizing she was acting like a child, Felicia quickly covered her face with her fan at Anastasia’s words. 
Anastasia changed the direction of the story instead of embarrassing her little sister more.
“Baikal orabeoni and Zephyr orabeoni also need to be given new titles.”
“Like Grand Dukes?”
“Yes, otherwise there will still be people who think they deserve to be the demon king.”
“But Baikal orabeoni and Zephyr orabeoni both stepped down.”
“They did. But that is just their opinion. The draconians, including the draconian king, don’t want to accept the situation.”
Felicia understood their feelings, but it couldn’t be helped.
“Shutra saved the Demon World. He killed Abamama’s enemies.”
As Felicia spoke in a voice filled with suppressed anger, Anastasia shrugged.
“That’s right. That is a fact. But… ironically, the problem is that the red dragon was defeated too quickly.
It didn’t make sense at first glance. However, Felicia understood right away and bit her lips.
“The red dragon would’ve surely destroyed the Demon World. Without Shutra, the Sanctuary would’ve been eliminated and the Demon World destroyed.”
Felicia tried to protest, but it was useless. Anastasia closed her eyes gently and responded,
“But very few people know about the Sanctuary. The whole fight against the red dragon was too small for everyone in the Demon World to see, especially the draconians fighting at the Aegis Gate.”
The red dragon had certainly been a mighty enemy. He had murdered the demon king and destroyed the Demon King’s Palace. If left alone, he would’ve surely destroyed the Sanctuary and turned the Demon World back into a barren land.
However, the destruction of the red dragon had been limited to the Demon King’s Palace. The damage had been minimized by defeating the red dragon early, but the problem was that only a small number of people had felt the threat of the red dragon.
This was the reason why the draconians were reacting this way. They didn’t know how strong the red dragon had been, nor did they understand how strong In-gong was to have defeated the red dragon. Most of all, they had no idea about how great the battle that day had been.
“Then… is Unni saying there should be more destruction of the Demon World?”
Felicia asked in a sharp tone. However, Anastasia went on to reply with an affectionate tone, like she was trying to soothe Felicia.
“I don’t want it. But it would’ve made dealing with the draconians easier. That is just the way it is.”
Anastasia finished talking and gazed at Felicia quietly. Felicia’s expression was bad, but she eventually nodded. It wasn’t Anastasia’s fault anyway. The draconians were the ones who were thinking like this.
Anastasia opened her mouth again and said briefly,
“Baikal orabeoni and Zephyr orabeoni will do their best to help. Even in the worst case scenario, a civil war won’t happen. But we need to throw a carrot to the draconians. Even if we refuse to give the title of Grand Duke, we can’t refuse a 4th Queen. Maybe they thought about it and that’s why they brought up the story about the titles.”
“Hah…”
Felicia understood. She understood, so she couldn’t refute it, which made her more frustrated. 
Anastasia gently brushed back Felicia’s hair and smiled slightly.
“Felicia, this is just the start. I don’t know about queens, but won’t there probably be more concubines in the future?”
The previous demon king had over 10 concubines. 
It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that the fate of the demon king was to make an alliance with the leaders of each species. All the previous demon kings were like that.
Felicia’s face creased even more, but Anastasia continued.
“Well, it is still a long time away.’
The age of the demon king was only 15 years old, while according to his mental age, he was only in his early 20s.
“Unni.”
Just then, a youthful voice was heard from beyond the curtain. Caitlin, who had changed clothes, twirled in front of Felicia and Anastasia. 
Felicia and Anastasia examined Caitlin’s clothes with serious eyes. It was a blue dress with a radical design which revealed some cleavage, unlike Caitlin’s usual dressing.
Felicia narrowed her eyes and said,
“It is too much. What did you place on her?”
“Why? It’s cool and looks good. Cute.”
‘Can you say that when you are wearing those clothes? Just that piece of cloth?’
Anastasia swallowed the words in her throat. Caitlin’s dress was essentially similar to what Felicia was wearing. There was cleavage and the shirt was short, revealing her thighs. The back was also open.
However, Felicia shook her head with a stern expression.
“You can’t. It is dismissed.”
“You are just like Chris oppa.”
Caitlin muttered with a dissatisfied voice, and Felicia’s eyes sharpened.
“Caitlin, do you really want me to be like Chris? Do you want to cover up your shoulders?”
At Felicia’s threat, Caitlin shut her mouth and went back behind the curtain. 
Anastasia let out a small laugh.
“It is really good.”
“Caitlin is cute.”
Felicia answered as she hid her face behind the fan and leaned back in the chair. There was still something she had to talk about with Anastasia.
The draconians weren’t the only problem. It was important to figure out how to deal with the gandharva, who were the demon king’s family. 
It was natural for the new demon king to release them, but it wasn’t that easy. The current queens of the Demon King’s Palace knew what the gandharva were guilty of.
This was a sin that couldn’t be easily dismissed. Moreover, there could be a bigger mess if the demon king’s birth secret was revealed. 
Of course, letting them stay imprisoned was unreasonable. If the gandharva were left alone, then In-gong would be seen as a puppet of the late demon king.
“We’ll have to handle this properly. It is impossible to release them instantly.”
Felicia nodded in agreement at Anastasia’s words. Shortly after, Caitlin appeared in a new outfit. Felicia was satisfied because her shoulders were revealed while her chest was covered. Caitlin just pouted with a vexed expression.
Anastasia looked between the two people and lifted her cup back up with an elegant posture.
 
&  
 
After Caitlin’s fitting was over, Anastasia returned to her home and called in a woman who had been waiting. It was the succubus Nayatra, who had the honour of being the 1st concubine.
There would be three queens and one concubine half a year after the coronation. It was truly happening at an unprecedented speed.
‘There are two others.’
Anastasia smiled as she thought about Green Wind and the white woman, but she hid her expression. Nayatra was nervous as she seemed to have misunderstood the smile.
“Sit down.”
Nayatra was older, but in the first place, age wasn’t important in the palace. Nayatra bowed politely and sat in front of Anastasia.
Thanks to Anastasia and Titania working in the background, Nayatra had been able to climb to the position of 1st concubine. It was obvious that the influence of the nightmares would become stronger if the 1st concubine was a nightmare.
The queens and concubines weren’t necessarily enemies. 
Anastasia and Nayatra both understood this, which was why they were facing each other in this position.
Anastasia had already drunk enough tea at the previous meeting, but tea couldn’t be left out from a meeting. 
She took a sip from her teacup, while Nayatra also lifted her cup.
The conversation between the two succubi began.
 
&  
 
In no time, it was sunset. After Nayatra left, Anastasia changed clothes and headed to the residence of the demon king.
The first place to be rebuilt in the Demon King’s Palace was the demon king’s home. Although the construction time was only a month, it could be perfectly completed thanks to the amazing craftsmen called. It could almost be called a piece of art, not a castle.
The demon king—In-gong turned around on the balcony, where he had been waiting for Anastasia. Anastasia appeared elegantly and went to stand close to him. Count Carack, who was the closest to the demon king, bowed and closed the door of the balcony, leaving In-gong and Anastasia alone.
After looking back, In-gong sighed suddenly and turned to Anastasia.
“Noona, is it really okay?”
“What are you talking about?”
“Marrying me.”
There was no doubt about it. Anastasia held back her smile and widened her eyes.
“Then is it okay for Felicia and Caitlin?”
“The two of them like me.”
In-gong said with a blush. Anastasia once again smiled and deliberately tilted her head.
“Hrmm… is it like that?”
In-gong’ eyes narrowed. He looked both embarrassed and disgruntled, causing Anastasia to finally laugh.
“Both of them love you enough to die for you. Actually, I just want to restrain them.”
Anastasia shrugged and passed by In-gong to lean against the balcony. A cool breeze was blowing, and she could see the sunset. Anastasia slowly turned around and said,
“Anyway, this is an arranged marriage. But I still like this marriage quite a bit.”
She meant it sincerely. Anastasia smiled at him.
“Isn’t it possible for me to become the demon king’s 1st Queen? Moreover, the other person is you.”
In-gong blushed at her last words, causing Anastasia to laugh again.
“In fact, if you agree, then it won’t be an indifferent arranged marriage.
An arranged marriage was literally a marriage for politics. In the first place, she didn’t have anyone she loved deeply and she wasn’t dissatisfied with In-gong, who she felt quite favourable toward.
“So, you don’t have to worry. Oh, do you dislike it?”
“What about Noona?”
As In-gong replied, Anastasia slipped closer to him slowly. There was a mischievous and dangerous look in her eyes, unlike her usual self.
“Hmm, okay. There is nobody here. Then should I check if you really do taste delicious?”
“Huh?”
As In-gong was confused, Anastasia moved quickly. She moved into In-gong’s arms and kissed him. Although she was normally quite passive, she was an incredibly active kisser. 
In-gong didn’t sit still either, so the kiss lasted quite long. After almost 10 minutes, Anastasia moved back with a bemused expression and panted.
“D-Delicious.”
Her face was extremely red, and she seemed like she would explode at any moment. In fact, Anastasia hadn’t intended for such an active kiss. She had just intended for a small touch of their lips. 
As Anastasia suddenly felt a sense of kinship with Amita who was addicted to the Heavenly Wine, In-gong coughed with a red face. Thanks to that, Anastasia quickly regained her spirit, and both In-gong and Anastasia started laughing.
“Will it work well?”
Anastasia asked frankly, and In-gong immediately nodded.
“I will treat you like Felicia noona and Caitlin noona.”
In-gong said confidently. Therefore, Anastasia felt safe in confiding her secrets to In-gong. 
Anastasia smiled and shook her head.
“That is my condition. You tend to be too close to the two of them.”
“Like this?”
“Huh?”
Anastasia blinked, and this time In-gong stepped forward. Like the wind, he grabbed Anastasia’s waist and kissed her once again. 
Anastasia closed her wide eyes slowly.
 
&  
 
The sun set and night fell. Anastasia, who lived alone, took out her diary instead of falling asleep immediately.
As she wrote in her diary with elegant handwriting, Anastasia turned and looked out the window. Gazing out at the night sky, she suddenly remembered the former demon king.
“Going forward, I wonder what will happen?”
The coronation of the new demon king… The opening of a new era had occurred decades earlier than Anastasia had expected.
“Well, it isn’t bad.”
No, it was very good.
Anastasia looked back at her diary and started writing down the last part of her day. After confirming that nobody saw that, she moved her pen again with slightly red ears.
Then one month later…
The wedding ceremony between the demon king and 1st Queen Anastasia was held.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Breakers SS #2 – Caitlin’s Amazing Day
Today was a very special day.
 
&
 
In the early hours of the morning when the sun rose and the birds began to cry, Caitlin’s eyes literally shone as she got up. Her sleep didn’t last very long. It was partly due to the fact that her heart was pounding and she was so excited that she couldn’t sleep.
However, Caitlin boasted the best stamina among the princesses, since the other two were magicians. She had a means to restore her strength despite staying up all night. Caitlin picked up the glass bottle on her bedside table and smiled widely. There was a sweet smell as soon as she opened the lid.
Caitlin swallowed the special elixir made with the blood of the demon king and rose quickly from the bed. Thanks to the elixir, her skin was smooth and her hair was shiny. Caitlin waited for the maids to come, but there was no one after five minutes. It was still far away from the scheduled time.
Caitlin glanced at the clock. She usually wanted to sleep a bit more, but this time it was the exact opposite.
‘Why?’
She wanted to call the maids right away by ringing the bell, but noticed that there was too much time until she was supposed to wake up. In the case of the maids, their working hours were long so some of them wouldn’t be ready to start work yet. She felt sorry towards them.
However, she felt like she would die waiting, so Caitlin was conflicted. This wasn’t the same summer day as always. No. It was different. Today was a very special day.
It was Caitlin’s 17th birthday. At the same time, it was the day when 3rd Queen Caitlin would ascend to the throne.
 
&
In the end, Caitlin called the maids 30 minutes earlier than usual and prepared for the ceremony after a simple breakfast. The wedding was scheduled for the afternoon, so there was still a lot of time. However, it was a law that there was always a lack of time when doing the bride’s makeup.
Caitlin’s cheeks were light pink as she bathed in various bath salts. Seira had to endure her laughter as she watched Caitlin bathing.
“Do you feel that good?”
“Yes.”
Caitlin instantly answered. Seira laughed gently as she rubbed Caitlin’s shoulders and asked again.
“How good?”
The answer hadn’t emerged yet, but the maids in the vicinity bit their lips as they suppressed a laugh. Caitlin’s eyes glowed like lanterns as she smiled widely.
“Amazing.”
She was like a little child, but the maids sent her warm smiles. Everyone knew why Caitlin was more excited than usual.
1st Queen Anastasia Nekrion’s took place one month after the coronation of the new demon king. 2nd Queen Felicia Doomblade’s wedding was held two months after the weeding of the 1st Queen.
However, Caitlin Moonlight’s wedding ceremony to become the 3rd Queen was only taking place one year after the wedding of 2nd Queen Felicia. The reason was that Caitlin was ‘too young.’
Shutra was only a few months younger than Caitlin, but he was the demon king. Caitlin thought this was unfair and couldn’t stop pouting. In any case, Caitlin had to wait a year and several months. The day had finally come.
‘If she had to wait until 18 years old as first intended… would she be able to wait?’
Seira smiled and devoted herself to washing Caitlin. She would try to make this the best wedding possible. Caitlin closed her eyes at Seira’s familiar touch. There were only a few hours left, causing her heart to pound.
 
&
“You are the prettiest in the world.”
The bath was over, the wedding dress was worn and the bride’s makeup finished. Seira laughed as she stood in front of the Caitlin, who was sitting in the waiting room and waited for her wedding ceremony. And a man was standing tearfully next to Caitlin.
“Who is crying now?”
Chris laughed when Silvan cried at Felicia’s wedding, but now he was no different. He wasn’t full on crying like Silvan, but tears were falling from his eyes.
“Kuk, the Caitlin who I raised is getting married…”
Chris gazed into the distance as he recalled the past. Caitlin laughed slightly at the sight and said.
“Oppa, aren’t you only two years older than me?”
It might be different if it was a four or five year age difference, but it was only two years. But Seira shook her head at Caitlin’s rebuttal.
“Princess Caitlin, Prince Chris is correct.”
“Eh?”
“You are growing too fast.”
Chris smiled and took out a few things. It was a magic tool to record moments, and Chris played an image of Caitlin as a baby. As the tallest among the children of the demon king, Chris was over two metres tall. When he was two years ago, he was already the size of a child who was one and a half years old.
Caitlin was quiet as the magic images played, while the silent Felicia sighed. She hit the crying Chris and stepped forward.
“Oppa is just a fool.”
Sometimes she thought that Chris was worse than Silvan. Felicia pushed the magic device to the side and concentrated on Caitlin. She didn’t know if it was because Caitlin was 17 or because of the wedding ceremony, but Caitlin looked cute and strong in the white dress.
“So beautiful. I’m slightly jealous.”
“Hehehe.”
Caitlin giggled at Felicia’s wink. She was so cute that Felicia couldn’t help hugging her, making sure not to mess up the makeup. Chris spread open his arms, but Felicia and Caitlin both refused to embrace Chris.
 
&
 
The groom’s waiting room was relatively empty compared to the bride’s full waiting room. It was the main task of the groom to greet the guests, but this was the wedding of the demon king. It was the role of others to go and welcome the guests.
“How is the gossip?”
“It is the same. This is already the third one.”
Carack replied to In-gong’s question. Carack was once a soldier of the Demon King’s Palace, but he was now In-gong’s private secretary. He was the person closest to the demon king. In-gong had no choice but to appoint Carack as the private secretary.
“Umm.”
“Is there something bothering you?”
“No, I was just thinking.”
This was the third wedding ceremony and the three queens were his half sisters. Royalty married their siblings for reasons such as strengthening power or maintaining assets, but it wasn’t common or recommended. This was why the draconians strongly recommended that Leticia should be the 1st Queen instead of the 4th.
Of course, the truth was a little different. In-gong wasn’t the child of the demon king. He wasn’t related to any of his three brides. But even so, he couldn’t reveal the truth. It would clearly be an unprecedented scandal.
‘The secret of Caitlin’s birth.’
In-gong shared almost all secrets with Felicia, but he kept Caitlin’s birth secret to himself. Felicia sincerely loved the demon king so she might not do anything when learning the truth, but he wasn’t sure about Elaine.
As In-gong thought about this, Carack laughed.
“Prince, don’t you know that you are the hero of the story?”
“Yes.”
In-gong slowly stood up. Anyway, it was nice. Everybody was happy. In-gong glanced at the clock. The time for his wedding was approaching.
 
&
 
Many guests were gathered at the outdoor wedding venue.
If this was an ordinary wedding, most of the guests would be gathered to celebrate the marriage between bride and groom, but the wedding of the demon king was different. Just like the court gathering, the wedding ceremony was a space where many interests intersected.
Felicia, who was sitting next to 1st Queen Anastasia, frowned slightly as she looked at one side of the wedding venue. There was a particularly heavy atmosphere around where King Zanskal of the draconians was sitting. He might be an elderly man by the standards of the draconians, but he still had a strong energy flowing from his body. Leticia Ragnaros, the one nominated as the 4th Queen was sitting next to him.
“The atmosphere is heavy.”
Felicia muttered as she covered her face with a fan, while Anastasia looked at another place and replied.
“Don’t worry. Nothing will happen.”
Five rebellions had taken place in the one year and several months since In-gong had been crowned the demon king. As Anastasia had worried in the past, there were many people who couldn’t understand In-gong’s power.
But Anastasia didn’t think of the five rebellions as a bad thing. It was the proper place to show off In-gong’s power. Of course, it was funny that a queen was excited about a rebellion, but this was needed to show the power of the new demon king.
The Demon World wasn’t the Human World. It had its own system, but it was a world where the strong dominated everything. There might be some who laughed at peace through force, but that was originally the pace of the Demon World. It was because the demon king was such an absolute leader that an unprecedented peace could occur.
Anastasia’s calm voice made Felicia brighten up.
“Is that so?”
“Yes, so just look at Caitlin. There is no need to worry.”
Felicia followed Anastasia’s gaze towards where Caitlin had entered. As Anastasia said, it was a bright face with no worries.
“Is it possible?”
It was clearly good. There was no reason for Felicia to hate Caitlin’s bright figure. Now Caitlin was also a queen of the Demon King’s Palace. The location, environment, individual roles and responsibilities were all different.
Anastasia looked at Felicia’s worried face and laughed elegantly.
“Caitlin can do it. It is the same for you as well. Why do you think I became the 1st Queen?”
Felicia hid her face with her fan at Anastasia’s question. Then she replied playfully, “Is it for the sake of power? To reveal your face?”
Anastasia slightly frowned and poked Felicia’s side, causing her to swallow back a scream. Then Carack, who watched the queens playing, spoke in a loud voice.
“Queens, it is starting.”
It wasn’t simply to stop them. Anastasia and Felicia looked at the front as a horn sounded to announce the beginning of the wedding.
 
&
 
The wedding finished with great success. Time passed rapidly and night arrived. Caitlin sat on the bed and looked down at her hands. The ring that Amita made sparkled.
In-gong sat down next to Caitlin with a slightly awkward expression. A few minutes later. Caitlin laughed as she looked at the still awkward In-gong.
“Shutra.”
“Huh?”
In-gong turned and saw Caitlin staring shyly at his lips.
“Truly delicious.”
They had already kissed a few times already. Caitlin muttered with red cheeks, and took a deep breath before suddenly standing up. She licked her lips slightly and said.
“So… today I will taste you properly.”
“Huh?”
The moment that In-gong blinked. Taste him properly? The surprise didn’t end there. In-gong felt the Moonlight Core react. The power of Conquest rose and Caitlin became the Apostle of Conquest. The power of wilderness rose inside Caitlin.
“N-Noona?”
“Caitlin.”
Caitlin instantly answered. Now they were husband and wife. Caitlin’s eyes were even brighter today. But somehow, there was a dangerous light mixed in it.
“C-Caitlin?”
Caitlin didn’t stop, despite In-gong’s hurried words. She had already learned the theory from Seira. Caitlin took one step closer, causing In-gong to gulp and swiftly awaken his divinity.
 
&
 
The next morning.
Caitlin slowly woke up, after sleeping much longer than usual. He looked towards the source of a pleasant warmth, and saw In-gong sleeping. She hugged him before going back to sleep. Then Seira opened the door, as if she knew the right time. She came to wake up In-gong and Caitlin, but they didn’t wake up despite Seira waiting a long time.
Time passed again, and it was almost afternoon when In-gong and Caitlin woke up from their deep sleep. Caitlin woke up but she didn’t want to leave the bed, so they ate the prepared breakfast and lunch on it. In-gong gulped as he looked at Caitlin’s side profile and asked in a coy voice.
“How was it?”
Caitlin blinked and her cheeks turned red. She laughed like she always did.
“Shutra is amazing.”
As always, a special day began. It was the day the of the 8th Princess, no 3rd Queen Caitlin Moonlight.



Previous Chapter




Next Chapter







Breakers SS #3 – Felicia’s Special Day
The demon king had three queens.
The most prominent one among the three queens was 1st Queen Anastasia Nekrion. She was a powerful influence both inside and outside the castle, to the point that people said there was another demon king in the palace.
Among the former queens of the Demon King’s Palace, there were a few who were similar to Anastasia. Titania Nekrion, her mother, was famous for her political power and talent. The 3rd and 4th former queens were also the owners of a tough political power.
But there was a crucial difference between them and Anastasia.
2nd Queen Titania Nekrion couldn’t make the 3rd and 4th Queens join her side. Even the 3rd and 4th Queens, who were known to be quite close, didn’t have a fully cooperative relationship. And above them, there was the 1st Queen who could be called Zanskal’s agent.
The queens of the former demon king all kept each other in check. No matter their exceptional abilities, there was a limit to raising their voices in the palace.
But Anastasia was different.
Anastasia had a good relationship with the 2nd and 3rd Queens, who were her half-siblings. The 2nd and 3rd Queens didn’t keep her in check. Rather, they gave her strength, so the environment itself was different from the other queens.
She was truly unbeatable in the Demon King’s Palace because she had half-sisters as the queens, or because the demon king was truly in love with his queens. Count Carack, who stayed in the shadows, was able to block her, but he also maintained a friendly relationship with the 1st Queen.
Now 1st Queen Anastasia ruled the queens’ decree, but she kept to the appropriate line. All of her actions was for the ‘demon king and Demon King’s Palace.’ She stated that she was the queen, not the demon king.
After 1st Queen Anastasia, the one who stood out was 3rd Queen Caitlin Moonlight. She was regarded as the mascot of the Demon King’s Palace, and represented it whenever there was a foreign event.
The 1st Queen had the most power in the palace, but the 3rd Queen was the one who appeared as the demon king’s partner in most events. For that reason, there were many in the Demon World who chose the 3rd Queen as the most favoured queen.
Compared to the prominent 1st and 3rd Queens, 2nd Queen Felicia Doomblade wasn’t so conspicuous. She often held tea parties as one of the queens, but she didn’t meet with the main people inside the palace or show up to outside events like the 3rd Queen.
Because of that, 2nd Queen Felicia was treated as the queen of emptiness, who didn’t have both power or love. Some even compared 2nd Queen Felicia to former 1st Queen Aishar Ragnaros, because both of them were trapped in the Demon King’s Palace without noticeable activity.
In fact, that was very wrong. 2nd Queen Felicia was indeed bound to the Demon King’s Palace. But the reasons for it were different from the expectations of others.
“Shutra is too much.”
Felicia cried out as she laid the pen down in front of piles of paper stacked like a mountain on her desk. Unlike the criticism of Felicia doing ‘nothing’, she was suffering every day.
The demon king was suddenly crowned, so his support base was weak. There were supporters of the queens, but it was naturally lacking compared to the former demon king.
The scarcest thing was the number of the trustworthy servants. The draconians, who boasted the most powerful forces in the Demon World, were in a political confrontation with the demon king.
Of course, it was possible for each queen to bring in people from the outside, but a ruler with a weak political base would make the kingdom shaky. 1st Queen Anastasia also prevented the influence of the former queen Titania Nekrion, causing a chronic shortage of workers.
‘I committed to filling that gap.’
She couldn’t give the task to Caitlin, who wasn’t an adult yet and who would be clumsy with paperwork.
‘Someone who eats meat can’t be seen to be eating.’
Anastasia had said as she handed over a large amount of paperwork to Felicia. Of course, Anastasia was also suffering from a tremendous amount of pressure, so Felicia couldn’t complain.
“Anyway, Shutra is too much. Is he too busy to meet me? This hobby is very exhausting.”
It wouldn’t have been so difficult if it was only paperwork. The greatest cause for Felicia not leaving her desk all day was the demon king.
‘Please, Noona is the only one who can do this.’
She closed her eyes and could still recall In-gong begging her in a sweet voice. His pheromones were fully released so she couldn’t refuse at the time. No, she didn’t even think about rejecting it as she nodded.
So, her days were busy. It had been over two years, but she still hadn’t finished the task.
Felicia took a breath again and lifted a piece of paper. It was from Amita.
–
There isn’t enough Heavenly Wine!
 
I should receive five Heavenly Wines for the wedding dress and wedding gifts.
 
Heavenly Wine!
 
Heavenly Wine!
Felicia briefly looked at the paper and frowned. The contents of Amita’s protest were correct, but she wasn’t frowning because of Amita.
‘There have been a few concubine interviews already.’
She could understand it with her head. The previous demon king had over 10 concubines. It was a tradition of the Demon KIng’s Palace to use arranged marriages to deepen their relationship with other species in the Demon World.
But this was this, and that was that. Even time a new concubine entered for assessment, Felicia oversaw the screening, filing, etc.
‘But are concubines really necessary?’
It would be nice if a concubines weren’t needed. Felicia murmured before focusing on the papers again. It had already two years but Amita still didn’t know that the main ingredient of the Heavenly Wine was the demon king.
‘Won’t it be really serious if they know?’
Maybe Amita might turn into a woman to become a queen or concubine candidate. The memory of when Caitlin said ‘Shutra is delicious~’ flashed through her head. Amita was originally someone who became a fool over the Heavenly Wine.
Felicia smiled and wrote down her acceptance on the piece of paper. They could make many transactions due to the Heavenly Wine. It was better to listen to this demand.
She filled in a few more documents before receiving one concerning Carack. It was about the manor that Carack ruled, and Felicia paused for a moment as she recalled Delia, who was Carack’s 1st wife and master of his estate. Delia’s belly had been slightly swollen a few months ago, so she would give birth soon.
‘Oh my god.’
Delia would become a mother. Felicia couldn’t help laughing and unconsciously touched her belly. She thought it would still be a while before she had a child, but it was a strange feeling.
“Hrmm.”
Felicia spread out her fan and bit her lips. It was at that moment.
“Unni!”
Caitlin opened the door to her office. Even though she became a queen, she still dressed in clothing comfortable for fighting.
“Caitlin.”
Felicia meant for her to calm down a bit, but Caitlin kept approaching Felicia with flushed cheeks.
“Unni, I brought you a gift.”
Every time Caitlin went on a trip for an event, she would bring back a souvenir. This time it was a small box, so Felicia could guess by the size and shape of the box.
“Is it food?”
In fact, Caitlin often brought food as gifts. Caitlin nodded.
“Yes yes, it is a really delicious special product. It is delicious, but not as much as Shutra.”
Felicia smiled and opened the box. A sweet scent filled her nose.
 
&
 
“Well, this is truly more delicious.”
Deep in the night, Felicia suddenly spoke in the middle of a passionate kiss. The words were strange, but In-gong laughed and stroked Felicia’s cheeks.
“Noona is also delicious. Delicious like chocolate.”
“That makes me cringe.”
It wasn’t a joke. No, who did he learn that from? Was it from Carack?
But In-gong just kissed her again and licked his lips.
“Yes, it really is the taste of chocolate.”
It was nonsense. Unlike In-gong who was like living food, Felicia was an ordinary dark elf.
But Felicia was curious so she asked with a slight frown, “What is chocolate?”
“Well, it is like this.”
In-gong approached Felicia again, causing her to shyly close her eyes. There was a sweetness that stimulated the tip of her tongue.
 
&
“Ah, it is a good ending.”
The man opened the cover of the virtual reality device and took off the helmet with a satisfied expression. On one side of the virtual reality device, the name ‘Knight Saga Re’ clearly appeared.
‘It truly is well made.’
In-gong lightly touched the title on the screen before raising his body. The clock showed that it had been one hour already.
‘My parents will come soon.’
In-gong reached out to the Knight Saga Re package on the desk. There were illustrations of the characters on the front, with some conspicuous ones. Felicia, Caitlin and Anastasia. As he gently brushed a hand over the illustrations, a voice was heard behind him.
“Master, why am I missing?”
Green Wind solidified and looked at the package with a disgruntled face. Then someone spoke like she was stupid.
“That is just a game that a human made from recorded history. It is natural that it can’t contain everything from our world.”
It was the white woman. The two people always fought but the white woman always won. But today was a bit different. In-gong laughed at their expressions and said.
“No, Greenie is also here.”
“Hmm?”
The white woman asked with surprise. Green Wind’s eyes sparkled with elation as she bragged.
“I am also on here. What is this?”
This was only one set of illustrations, so not everyone appeared. Green Wind was elated by In-gong’s words, while he dealt the heaviest blow to the white woman.
“Of course, Conquest doesn’t appear.”
This caused the white woman to pout, while Green Wind poked out her tongue. Green Wind was the only one who could make the mild-mannered white woman like this. Instead of watching the reversed relationship between the two, In-gong placed the package back on the desk. Then In-gong heard a strange voice.
“Ahut..ah..eung…”
“It is just a massage chair. Noona doesn’t need to make sounds like that.”
In-gong glanced at Felicia who was sitting in the massage chair. But she didn’t listen to him as she kept moaning.
Exactly three years.
It was the amount of time Felicia took to create magic that traveled between worlds. It was the result of Conquest’s knowledge and the Demon King’s Palace vast resources, but it was truly a great accomplishment.
“Shutra, this is amazing!”
Caitlin smiled widely as she ate something on the table. In-gong laughed and nodded.
“Chicken and Cola are great.”
It was chicken made an hour ago, but she was still eating it. Of course, there was a lot.
“I think this is too small for a demon king.”
Anastasia, who was sitting on the couch, looked around and said with a displeased expression. It was a big apartment but for Anastasia, it felt like a room.
‘Well, it is natural.’
She had been a princess since she was born.
“Prince, can I eat some more?”
Carack, who was rummaging through the fridge and kitchen, asked In-gong. The rice cooker for six people looked like nothing in Carack’s big hand.
‘I shouldn’t have brought him.’
But it was only for a second. From the moment In-gong first thought of traveling between words, he expected to go with Carack.
‘We will go back in two days.’
It wasn’t ordinary to be able to move between worlds, so the magic couldn’t be used at any time. There were many things involved, but In-gong didn’t know the details. Felicia and Anastasia just said there was nothing they could do for two days.
“Noona, you can get up now.”
In-gong forcibly turned off the massage chair and pulled Felicia up, while she muttered in a blank voice.
“Uhh… a massage chair is the devil’s invention.”
“It is because of Noona.”
He had never seen such a sensitive reaction to a massage chair. Was this due to the nature of the dark elves? After a cup of cold water, Felicia trembled like she had regained her spirit. She turned to In-gong with a more focused expression and asked.
“Shutra, are your parents coming now?”
“Yes, although I don’t know if they will understand.”
His face and body had changed. He thought of ways to convince them, but he wondered if things would turn out that well.
“It will turn out okay. Shutra.”
Felicia smiled, as if telling him not to worry. In the Demon King’s Palace, ‘Shutra’ was a magic word that made anything possible.
“Please explain it if I become stuck.”
“Believe in me.”
“Yes, I’ll let you experience the taste of chocolate.”
In-gong gently kissed Felicia and looked back at the front door. At that moment, Felicia’s ears pricked and she stiffened. She could hear footsteps beyond the door.
“They’re coming.”
Caitlin put down the chicken and Cola, while Carack closed the refrigerator door. Anastasia remained elegant, but her shoulders were slightly stiffened due to tension. In-gong gulped. Felicia grasped In-gong’s hand tightly. The two people reflexively exchanged glances and laughed.
Many things happened, but these two people were always together.
Then the door opened. At the same time, In-gong and Felicia opened their mouths.



Previous Chapter



